<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"><p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 03 Jul 2019 15:42:06 GMT):<br/>
VipinB
</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 03 Jul 2019 15:42:25 GMT):<br/>
<i>User <em>User_1</em> added by <em>rjones</em>.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 03 Jul 2019 15:42:36 GMT):<br/>
KOttoni
</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 03 Jul 2019 15:42:48 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has left the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 03 Jul 2019 17:56:37 GMT):<br/>
Hello everyone! Welcome to the Capital Markets SIG channel
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Sun, 07 Jul 2019 15:55:49 GMT):<br/>
@here 

The Capital Markets SIG is live. We need your contributions and collaboration to make it a success.
This is the very first real post on #capital-markets-sig . 


All are welcome!
Please note that you can join the Community even if you or your company are not formal paid-up members of Hyperledger or the Linux Foundation.

Prerequisite for effective participation in the Hyperledger Community is the creation of a Linux Foundation ID which is needed for joining the rocket chat channels, email lists and for editing wiki pages.
Please follow directions for the creation of an LFID, if you do not have one.
  
The following resources have been created for the Capital Markets SIG
A Rocket Chat channel  - Please  join this channel(sic)
Email list for Capital Markets SIG communications - please sign up! Announcements and interactions will happen on this list.
The Capital Markets SIG wiki page. This is the location listing all the resources as well as the links relevant to the SIG. 
I propose that the first audio call of the SIG on Wednesday the 17th of July at 9 am. EST (13:00 UTC). 
Details of the zoom channel and the complete Agenda will be posted on the wiki as well as the channel and the email list.
I chose the time based on the composition of the interested parties and my best guess for their location.
We can pick a better time if people have other suggestions. If needed, we can also use a poll to determine a better time that suits people.  

We need a volunteer for the vice-chair to support and fill-in for the chair as needed. If there are multiple volunteers, we will need an election.

I proposed the SIG and worked with @KOttoni  from Linux Foundation and Hyperledger to launch the SIG. Karen will be the Point Of Contact from the Linux Foundation for the SIG.

We had able assistance from the Community Architects of Hyperledger to create the SIG resources for collaboration as well as guidance on the governance of the SIG. 
Special thanks to @rjones , @Silona  and @Daniela_Barbosa 

Given below is the tentative Agenda of the first call.

Anti Trust Policy & Code of Conduct
Introductions
Volunteer to scribe and record.
Topics for the SIG


Please introduce yourself on the SIG email list; with views on the SIG aims and direction. What do you want to get out of this SIG? What do you want to contribute?
This is an open community where everyone is welcome to contribute or just listen. 



</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Sun, 07 Jul 2019 15:55:52 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Sun, 07 Jul 2019 15:55:52 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Sun, 07 Jul 2019 15:55:52 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Sun, 07 Jul 2019 16:54:44 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has left the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>albrandt</strong> (Tue, 09 Jul 2019 18:21:33 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>stanliberman</strong> (Wed, 10 Jul 2019 12:40:26 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>sid555</strong> (Fri, 12 Jul 2019 15:29:20 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>invaliduser</strong> (Sat, 13 Jul 2019 13:19:54 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>muralisr</strong> (Sun, 14 Jul 2019 08:32:22 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Sanjay_Nishank</strong> (Tue, 16 Jul 2019 05:52:38 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Sanjay_Nishank</strong> (Tue, 16 Jul 2019 05:53:24 GMT):<br/>
Hi, How do I opt into the email list for this SIG?
</p>
<p><strong>knagware9</strong> (Tue, 16 Jul 2019 07:19:52 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 16 Jul 2019 12:58:28 GMT):<br/>
Answers are here https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/Capital+Markets+SIG please look under communication channels @Sanjay_Nishank 
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 16 Jul 2019 13:52:49 GMT):<br/>
@Sanjay_Nishank sign up at https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/capital-markets-sig
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 16 Jul 2019 13:53:01 GMT):<br/>
You need LFID to sign up
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 16 Jul 2019 13:58:02 GMT):<br/>
Setup LFID: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/tools/Setting+up+an+LFID
</p>
<p><strong>Sanjay_Nishank</strong> (Tue, 16 Jul 2019 16:21:21 GMT):<br/>
Thx, Vipin
</p>
<p><strong>mmani99</strong> (Wed, 17 Jul 2019 14:06:21 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>mmani99</strong> (Wed, 17 Jul 2019 14:06:22 GMT):<br/>
Current Data Standards in Capital Markets: FIX, FpML, ISDA CDM, ISO 20022 ...    Please suggest other standards that are relevant to this SIG
</p>
<p><strong>ravinayag</strong> (Wed, 17 Jul 2019 14:26:32 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 17 Jul 2019 17:42:35 GMT):<br/>
Will add to CMSIG proposed projects
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 17 Jul 2019 17:42:44 GMT):<br/>
@mmani99 
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Thu, 18 Jul 2019 13:44:40 GMT):<br/>
@mmani99 , @KellyCooper , @stan.liberman I have setup a page with a table https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/CMSIG-Projects with a draft table structure for proposing and tracking CMSIG projects.
</p>
<p><strong>stan.liberman</strong> (Thu, 18 Jul 2019 13:44:41 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Thu, 18 Jul 2019 13:44:41 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Thu, 18 Jul 2019 13:44:57 GMT):<br/>
Please suggest or comment
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Thu, 18 Jul 2019 13:45:23 GMT):<br/>
@here this page is also open to all for comments, improvements and collaboration
</p>
<p><strong>tkg</strong> (Sat, 20 Jul 2019 09:47:57 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:46:55 GMT):<br/>
Obstacles page is located at: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/CMSIG-Projects-Obstacles
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:53:23 GMT):<br/>
@VipinB After I finish the copy edit, please let me know when you consider the content to be complete. At that time I will start from the top to copy edit through the additions and I will adjust the TOC page numbers. 
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 29 Jul 2019 15:18:49 GMT):<br/>
Thanks @KellyCooper 
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 29 Jul 2019 15:19:26 GMT):<br/>
@all 
I have made some edits to the SIG pages and child pages
I moved the members into a separate page. Please fill out info and get on mailing list if you have not done so.
Created links to external resources, recommended by muralisr and others.
Added and updated proposed projects page.
Interim poll result image is up. Poll for meeting times. This will close August 7th.
All reachable from the main Capital Markets SIG wiki page.
This weeks call will happen on https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup
Agenda is  https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2019-07-31+Meeting+notes
Hope to hear from you on this week's call.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 30 Jul 2019 15:08:53 GMT):<br/>
[ ](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/capital-markets-sig?msg=pppKxLEWipsFAjKdZ) @KellyCooper  are you talking about the Identity WG paper- if so let us continue this discussion on the #identity-wg  channel.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 31 Jul 2019 13:41:45 GMT):<br/>

https://entethalliance.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/TTI_Flyer_05.08.19_FINAL_v4-2.pdf

</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 31 Jul 2019 15:43:51 GMT):<br/>
@here Good call today, will be posting recordings as well as notes on the Meeting notes page
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Sun, 04 Aug 2019 10:51:04 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Sun, 04 Aug 2019 10:51:04 GMT):<br/>
@stan.liberman @KellyMathieson Hi Both, I hear you have ideas to share on asset digitisation. I am all ears. The Idea is to building a generic/ standard architecture for the asset types using taxonomy, regulation and data standards. I assume it would be possible to derive some best practices from use cases. ```
Hyperledger Composer playground has a few example templates, we can use this as a wireframe to begin with. 
``` 
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Sun, 04 Aug 2019 10:51:04 GMT):<br/>
@stan.liberman @KellyMathieson Hi Both, I hear you have ideas to share on asset digitisation. I am all ears. The Idea is to building a generic/ standard architecture for the asset types using taxonomy, regulation and data standards. 
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Sun, 04 Aug 2019 10:51:04 GMT):<br/>
@stan.liberman @KellyMathieson Hi Both, I hear you have ideas to share on asset digitisation. I am all ears. The Idea is to building a generic/ standard architecture for the asset types using taxonomy, regulation and data standards. I assume it would be possible to derive some best practices from use cases. 
</p>
<p><strong>KellyMathieson</strong> (Sun, 04 Aug 2019 10:51:04 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Sun, 04 Aug 2019 13:14:08 GMT):<br/>
@here Latest notes in https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2019-07-31+Meeting+notes
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 09 Aug 2019 14:35:19 GMT):<br/>
@here Mani and I  put together a draft for the standards project. While @mmani99 worked on the actual standards FPML and FIX, I worked on creating a template for standard definition. There is an initial sketch for this on the standards project page. We welcome input into this. We will try to get the FPML, FIX standards into this template and create sub pages for this.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 14 Aug 2019 12:49:23 GMT):<br/>
@here Call today at 9 am EDT. In 15 minutes on hyperledger.community.backup zoom channel
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 14 Aug 2019 14:10:18 GMT):<br/>
@here great call. With lots of input from the folks on the call....Minutes and recordings will be ready soon.
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Sat, 17 Aug 2019 13:00:35 GMT):<br/>
I drafted the start of a paper that addresses the obstacle discussed on the call: stakeholder interpretation of Hyperledger and how cryptocurrency lingers or clouds interpretation: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZasCi-NHfkIWgpab3BilTwi3WqVI959_Ei-8HagfqPQ/edit?usp=sharing , please add ideas, headings, content, or suggestions. 
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Sun, 18 Aug 2019 15:50:26 GMT):<br/>
@KellyCooper  your paper looks interesting, and I will try to put in some comments when I have time. About papers like this, where do you think we should store this? On google docs the process seems clunky, since I have had to lock down to prevent rogue edits by the public. Even though it has history and versioning, recoverability is limited, because items disappear. Maybe on the wiki or on github (I will try to get github for CMSIG with a bunch of maintainers).. What is your opinion.
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Sun, 18 Aug 2019 15:57:11 GMT):<br/>
I'm happy to move wherever you'd like to give it a try. Either on the wiki or on GH. I agree on preserving everyone's contribution and have had similar issues with Google Docs at work. 
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Sun, 18 Aug 2019 16:11:06 GMT):<br/>
I will move it to the wiki on a page under the project, let's give it a try. 
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Sun, 18 Aug 2019 16:22:18 GMT):<br/>
K
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Sun, 18 Aug 2019 16:39:07 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/x/bBr5
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Sun, 18 Aug 2019 16:47:09 GMT):<br/>
@VipinB Separately, let me know if you'd like me to do something similar for the Identity White Paper and Provenance paper, under the Identity wg or wherever you prefer. This way, we can link among wikies too.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 26 Aug 2019 16:33:29 GMT):<br/>
@here any suggestions for this week's meeting Agenda. I may have limited connectivity at 10 am. But if I can I will certainly dial-in . The Agenda is here: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2019-08-28
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 30 Aug 2019 18:06:13 GMT):<br/>
@here excellent call this week- The meeting notes including the recordings are now available  https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2019-08-28, some of the more interesting discussions are around obstacles (with a new paper), we discussed cross dependencies to use cases led by @KellyCooper and @stan.liberman. We had a new proposal on ROI (since explaining the numbers to business may be one of the biggest obstacles) by @saptarshijucse  (not sure if this is the person)....
</p>
<p><strong>saptarshijucse</strong> (Fri, 30 Aug 2019 18:06:13 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Fri, 30 Aug 2019 18:22:05 GMT):<br/>

@saptarshichoudhury
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Wed, 04 Sep 2019 22:41:46 GMT):<br/>
Do we, as a SIG, want to develop a presentation proposal for the March meeting in Phoenix?
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Thu, 05 Sep 2019 13:01:03 GMT):<br/>
I was about to send out an email about this @KellyCooper .... Do you have any ideas?
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Thu, 05 Sep 2019 16:09:21 GMT):<br/>
@VipinB I will ping our mailing list
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Fri, 06 Sep 2019 11:05:20 GMT):<br/>
Hi All,
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Fri, 06 Sep 2019 11:06:38 GMT):<br/>
I have uploaded a couple of papers under regulation section. Both are focused on FCA UK's guidance on Equity Tokens
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Fri, 06 Sep 2019 11:06:38 GMT):<br/>
I have uploaded a couple of papers under regulation project page. Regulations for UK markets governed by FCA. FCA has a guideline for crypto assets.
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Fri, 06 Sep 2019 13:00:21 GMT):<br/>
Created a draft if Mind map for use cases.
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Fri, 06 Sep 2019 13:00:21 GMT):<br/>
Created a draft of Mind map for use cases.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 06 Sep 2019 14:09:46 GMT):<br/>
Thanks @KirthiK I saw your edits coming through- will check
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 09 Sep 2019 21:38:53 GMT):<br/>
Thanks for the edits @KirthiK , maybe you and @stan.liberman  can collaborate on a presentation on the projects....
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 09 Sep 2019 21:45:04 GMT):<br/>
I mean the use cases project....
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Tue, 10 Sep 2019 19:04:37 GMT):<br/>
Happy to collaborate with @stan.liberman
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Wed, 11 Sep 2019 15:53:13 GMT):<br/>
What is the best way to connect with people offline? I see that not everyone is on Rocket.Chat 
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 11 Sep 2019 16:10:28 GMT):<br/>
email or rocketchat
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 20 Sep 2019 15:02:58 GMT):<br/>
@here Note in Trade finance Global on securitisation of Trade Finance... https://www.tradefinanceglobal.com/posts/hyperledger-trade-finance-securitization-will-be-helped-by-dlts/
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 20 Sep 2019 15:03:22 GMT):<br/>
We can expand further in our projects section under use cases
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 20 Sep 2019 15:03:47 GMT):<br/>
I also intend writing a more extensive treatment in Medium...
</p>
<p><strong>JayJong</strong> (Fri, 27 Sep 2019 08:22:57 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>niteshsolanki</strong> (Sat, 28 Sep 2019 05:17:15 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>muralisr</strong> (Wed, 02 Oct 2019 13:29:09 GMT):<br/>
looks good @VipinB 
</p>
<p><strong>muralisr</strong> (Wed, 02 Oct 2019 13:29:09 GMT):<br/>
looks good @VipinB !
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 02 Oct 2019 13:31:07 GMT):<br/>
Danke @muralisr - did you see the latest email I sent out
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 02 Oct 2019 13:31:07 GMT):<br/>
Danke (in honor of our alma mater)- @muralisr  did you see the latest email I sent out
</p>
<p><strong>muralisr</strong> (Wed, 02 Oct 2019 13:31:37 GMT):<br/>
I will ...
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 02 Oct 2019 13:31:37 GMT):<br/>
I will put it out here as well!
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 02 Oct 2019 13:32:54 GMT):<br/>
@here Many thanks to all who helped  the CMSIG launch during SIBOS, especially to Karen Ottoni and the Hyperledger marketing team.
Many thanks also to Natalia who ran the meeting last week.
We have had many new subscribers to the CMSIG mailing list. Welcome! Hopefully you will find our group activities and projects stimulating and worthwhile. Please contribute to areas that you are familiar with as well as help research and contribute to discussions and the wiki itself.
Please interact on the email list or contribute on the wiki (in the form of edits, comments, likes etc.), also suggestions for topics on the Agenda etc.

Project notes: 
Natalia has been very active on the Glossary, especially definitions for Bonds
I have contributed on the topic of Repos. The idea is to focus on repos in general and stress scenarios to see whether dlt solutions would help alleviate the stress and systemic risk. I have cited the turmoil in the repo market in the US during the week of Sept 16 that had wide ranging repercussions  including the reduction in the Fed rate- we need to do back testing of our solutions using dlts to see how they would perform in such scenarios.
I have added one more category "Perpetual Bonds"

I have added some external links to the Fednow project as well as FinOS.
Please go to our main wiki page to get to details on these.
The following are some of our resources and collaboration pathways (thanks to Karen Ottoni for gathering them together in one email)

In order to participate in the Chat and make edits on the wiki, you'll need to set up an LFID and here are some quick instructions on how to do that:
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/tools/Setting+up+an+LFID


Main Wiki Page:https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/Capital+Markets+SIG

Main Dist.List : https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG

Main Dist.List Archives: https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/capital-markets-sig/topics

Chat room: https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/capital-markets-sig 

Add bi-weekly meeting to your calendar: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/HYP/Calendar+of+Public+Meetings

​A blog we just released 
https://www.hyperledger.org/blog/2019/09/24/hyperledger-welcomes-capital-markets-special-interest-group
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 08 Oct 2019 16:00:08 GMT):<br/>
@here Hi all,

Welcome to all the new members.
The Agenda is here: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2019-10-09+Meeting+notes
Please add/suggest/comment on Agenda items.
The meeting is on zoom. Go to the calendar https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup

The meeting is also recorded and made available on the meeting notes page (both video(if relevant) and audio)
Please participate.

CMSIG Resources:

In order to participate in the Chat and make edits on the wiki, you'll need to set up an LFID and here are some quick instructions on how to do that:
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/tools/Setting+up+an+LFID


Main Wiki Page:https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/Capital+Markets+SIG

Main Dist.List : https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG

Main Dist.List Archives: https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/capital-markets-sig/topics

Chat room: https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/capital-markets-sig

Add bi-weekly meeting to your calendar: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/HYP/Calendar+of+Public+Meetings

​A blog we just released
https://www.hyperledger.org/blog/2019/09/24/hyperledger-welcomes-capital-markets-special-interest-group


</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Wed, 09 Oct 2019 12:54:45 GMT):<br/>
Hi All,
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Wed, 09 Oct 2019 12:56:24 GMT):<br/>
I am unable to make it to todays call, apologies. I look forward to meeting notes and recordings. Cheers Kirthi K
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 09 Oct 2019 15:51:43 GMT):<br/>
@here meeting notes have been created and filled in, as well as recordings uploaded: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2019-10-09+Meeting+notes (Thanks to @KellyCooper  for notes) 
</p>
<p><strong>davidwboswell</strong> (Tue, 15 Oct 2019 19:57:59 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 23 Oct 2019 13:51:23 GMT):<br/>
@here  Call on zoom in 10 minutes:  https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup (https://zoom.us/j/6223336701)

Please see the Agenda here https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2019-10-23+Meeting+notes

There will be a talk on ISDA CDM and #derivhack2019 - Maybe Mani Pillai will present his views as well as a member of ISDA and CDM tech group.
Srinivasan Muralidharan will expand on cash on ledger.
Collaboration with Trade Finance Group on taxonomy, TF securitization, Network of Networks (orchestration layer)etc.

Ideas for upcoming talks, 

    Quantum computing for trade and post-trade 
    The Semantic web and Capital Markets- Graph databases- what effects will they have on Capital markets implementation on Blockchain

In order to participate in the Chat and make edits on the wiki, you'll need to set up an LFID and here are some quick instructions on how to do that:

https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/tools/Setting+up+an+LFID

Main Wiki Page:https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/Capital+Markets+SIG

Main Dist.List : https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG

Main Dist.List Archives: https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/capital-markets-sig/topics

Chat room: https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/capital-markets-sig 
Add bi-weekly meeting to your calendar: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/HYP/Calendar+of+Public+Meetings

​A blog we released 
https://www.hyperledger.org/blog/2019/09/24/hyperledger-welcomes-capital-markets-special-interest-group

</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Thu, 24 Oct 2019 13:39:45 GMT):<br/>
@here
Thanks to all for a productive and informative meeting yesterday: Especially to @Mani Pillai from Swapshub for presentation and Ron Quaranta from WSBA for stimulating questions.
Read all about it: 
All notes are to be found in: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2019-10-23+Meeting+notes
Recordings have also been uploaded.
Please interact using wiki and email list before the next meeting on November 6th.
AntiTrust Policy and Code of Conduct
All members on call at 10:05 introduced themselves details can be found under attendees
Vipin Bharathan introduced the concepts around CDM
mani pillai gave an presentation around CDM and concepts, mainly from the vantage of Swapshub efforts
How is CDM different from FpML-(uses XML) (uses JSON, generates composable products, events, focuses on off chain standards for hashing (CDM hash) so data can be made interoperable between chains and systems)
Ron Quaranta asked about the hash (which reveals that the transaction hash needs to conform to CDM standard),
Ron Quaranta also asked about whether any production systems adopted CDM. mani pillai responded that the Contractual Product is the most complete, but no production systems yet- However big organisations are members of ISDA (big banks-Barclays, BNP Paribas, JPM, Citi etc. DTCC, ISMA also participated in this effort)
Creates a background for on-chain storage of data (especially extraction of lineage)
Aids in legal arbitration and clear evidence about contracts for regulators and in case of dispute- allows easy access to this data
Briefly touched upon the status of digital assets trading, settlements and custody solution being built by Swapshub under CDM
Extension of CDM from Contractual products to other types of securities (Equities, credit products, FX etc.) currently only functions as underlying 
How standards help interoperability. 
mani pillai will share appropriate slides after a consultation with Vipin Bharathan
More detail can be found in recording.
We could not go into cash on ledger details but touched on the subject briefly
We went into status of existing projects; since most of the project owners were not present we went through several projects and Ron Quarantaexpressed interest put himself in as collaborator on a couple of projects, namely tokensisation and regulation. 
We need to discuss how to collaborate further on these.
Future talks
Ideas for upcoming talks, 

Quantum computing for trade and post-trade
The Semantic web and Capital Markets- Graph databases- what effects will they have on Capital markets


</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 06 Nov 2019 02:05:33 GMT):<br/>
@here Call tomorrow at 10 am (15:00 UTC)
Agenda details in : https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2019-11-06+Meeting+notes
Note the changed time due to alignment of the setting back of Daylight savings time in Europe and the USA.
https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup (https://zoom.us/j/6223336701)


</p>
<p><strong>muralisr</strong> (Wed, 06 Nov 2019 03:07:06 GMT):<br/>
I'm travelling tomorrow morning @VipinB ... will catch up on the recordings
</p>
<p><strong>muralisr</strong> (Wed, 06 Nov 2019 03:07:06 GMT):<br/>
I'm travelling tomorrow morning @VipinB ... will catch up on the recording
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 06 Nov 2019 13:37:24 GMT):<br/>
OK...
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 06 Nov 2019 17:26:30 GMT):<br/>
@here  Minutes of the meeting- make corrections on the minutes page.
Recordings (Audio and Video are also available)

    Anti-trust and code of conduct presentation
    Introductions: Being a place where people talk about their projects and their interests in the capital markets infrastructure
        Gary from Intain talked about their efforts to tokenize Assets on the blockchain- motorcycle loans in India- ABS (asset Backed Securities)- He will present their solution sometime in the future. On hyperledger fabric. Difficult process of valuation, monthly cycle that had a 20 day delay was shortened to a day or so. Trustees of the ABS have fiduciary duty to report on the performance of the assets; the demo and other details will make clear how this is achieved. Have presented on numerous Security Conferences. Introducing trust into the lifecycle of digital assets. Working on oilwell tokenisation.
        mani pillai of Swapshub. Working on a product based on CDM from ISDA. Also on digital asset custody based on MPC- more on this later in the notes
        Milena Kohlhofer from citi securities services working on a. Custody related to securities on Blockchain also working on citi-investments for evaluating BC companies for suitable investment.
        @Ofer Avi-Neri NY Security Token Exchange Working on security tokens - linking existing securities (bonds, equities) to digital tokens. We discussed difference from utility tokens and stable coins (briefly)
        Prasanna Walimbe working in Virtusa Research. XBRL taxonomy, built some protected channels for issuers; Also an Identity profile Management platform.
    Short presentation on FATF [//wiki.hyperledger.org/www.fatf-gafi.org/publications/fatfgeneral/documents/outcomes-plenary-october-2019.html]plenary meeting on stablecoins. Link to issues of digital Identity through the medium of KYC/AML/TF etc. - Vipin Bharathan - we will discuss further, cash on ledger including CBDC and other stablecoins.
    It was recognized that most of the participants were interested in tokenisation of one form or the other and the custody of these tokens
    Mani spoke briefly about CDM, adherence to CDM enhances interoperability. Still being worked on. Swapshub focuses on CDM for swaps using Corda. Sees opportunities for leveraging CDM for other assets. He referred to CDM slides on our projects page (in the sub project-standards)
    Mani also spoke about MPC for custody and was in talks with CFTC and SEC on this count- nothing to do with CDM- but related. Google has open-sourced some of their MPC code- Promised to share this.
    Milena Kohlhofer spoke about the latest release of the Token taxonomy framework and promised to share the email from them which she did (see link for github latest)
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 06 Nov 2019 17:26:30 GMT):<br/>
@here  Minutes of the meeting- make corrections on the minutes page.
Recordings (Audio and Video are also available):  https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2019-11-06+Meeting+notes

    Anti-trust and code of conduct presentation
    Introductions: Being a place where people talk about their projects and their interests in the capital markets infrastructure
        Gary from Intain talked about their efforts to tokenize Assets on the blockchain- motorcycle loans in India- ABS (asset Backed Securities)- He will present their solution sometime in the future. On hyperledger fabric. Difficult process of valuation, monthly cycle that had a 20 day delay was shortened to a day or so. Trustees of the ABS have fiduciary duty to report on the performance of the assets; the demo and other details will make clear how this is achieved. Have presented on numerous Security Conferences. Introducing trust into the lifecycle of digital assets. Working on oilwell tokenisation.
        mani pillai of Swapshub. Working on a product based on CDM from ISDA. Also on digital asset custody based on MPC- more on this later in the notes
        Milena Kohlhofer from citi securities services working on a. Custody related to securities on Blockchain also working on citi-investments for evaluating BC companies for suitable investment.
        @Ofer Avi-Neri NY Security Token Exchange Working on security tokens - linking existing securities (bonds, equities) to digital tokens. We discussed difference from utility tokens and stable coins (briefly)
        Prasanna Walimbe working in Virtusa Research. XBRL taxonomy, built some protected channels for issuers; Also an Identity profile Management platform.
    Short presentation on FATF [//wiki.hyperledger.org/www.fatf-gafi.org/publications/fatfgeneral/documents/outcomes-plenary-october-2019.html]plenary meeting on stablecoins. Link to issues of digital Identity through the medium of KYC/AML/TF etc. - Vipin Bharathan - we will discuss further, cash on ledger including CBDC and other stablecoins.
    It was recognized that most of the participants were interested in tokenisation of one form or the other and the custody of these tokens
    Mani spoke briefly about CDM, adherence to CDM enhances interoperability. Still being worked on. Swapshub focuses on CDM for swaps using Corda. Sees opportunities for leveraging CDM for other assets. He referred to CDM slides on our projects page (in the sub project-standards)
    Mani also spoke about MPC for custody and was in talks with CFTC and SEC on this count- nothing to do with CDM- but related. Google has open-sourced some of their MPC code- Promised to share this.
    Milena Kohlhofer spoke about the latest release of the Token taxonomy framework and promised to share the email from them which she did (see link for github latest)
</p>
<p><strong>pwalimbe</strong> (Thu, 07 Nov 2019 04:35:17 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>ameen</strong> (Fri, 15 Nov 2019 10:47:51 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 19 Nov 2019 17:36:28 GMT):<br/>
@here 
hi Everyone,

The CMSIG is pleased to announce the following presentation:

When:
Wednesday the 20th Nov at 10 am EST 15:00 UTC

Where:
On the CMSIG zoom call

https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup

https://zoom.us/j/6223336701

What:
The Capital Markets Special interest Group (SIG) represents industry professionals working together to study how Hyperledger DLTs interact with Capital Markets use cases. The community is working on a series of projects under the SIG umbrella. They deal with regulation, standards, structure and life cycle of instruments like equities and bonds. One of the most important areas of investigation are the tokenisation of assets. We meet regularly on a zoom conference call every two weeks, Wednesday at 10 am. Eastern Standard Time which is 15:00 UTC.

The Token Taxonomy Initiative (TTI) has been working to develop a set of common terms and a framework around tokens. They have just released a version 1.0 of their Token Taxonomy Framework.  Marley Gray, Principal Architect, Azure Blockchain Engineering, Microsoft; who is also the chair of the TTI working group will make a presentation of TTI's work to the SIG on Wednesday the 20th at 10 am. Eastern Time. If you are interested in this topic, please join and get your questions answered. As with all SIG and Working Group calls in Hyperledger, it is open to all; not just the members of Hyperledger.

</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 20 Nov 2019 14:36:00 GMT):<br/>
@here today's call at 10 am with Marley Gray's presentation on the TTF in less than half an hour; please get on the call to hear his presentation as well as to ask questions to clarify your understanding and to respond to the TTF.


https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup

https://zoom.us/j/6223336701

</p>
<p><strong>IliasStergiou</strong> (Wed, 27 Nov 2019 10:43:10 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Qeven</strong> (Mon, 09 Dec 2019 10:20:02 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>harrywright</strong> (Wed, 18 Dec 2019 18:12:57 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Sun, 12 Jan 2020 16:11:18 GMT):<br/>
@here We will have the first call of the SIG in the new decade on Jan 15 at 10 am EST (15:00 UTC). Wishing everyone the best. Some items have been entered into the Agenda here https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-01-15 on the https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Tue, 14 Jan 2020 17:02:37 GMT):<br/>
Calling all Projects, SIG, and WG!!!  We will have a Video recording Studio setup at HGF (Hyperledger Global Forum). We are asking that all projects and groups help us create a 5 minute video about your group so that we can promote it afterward. Sign up Here! 
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Tue, 14 Jan 2020 17:03:58 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/HGF/Video+Recording+Schedule
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Mon, 20 Jan 2020 22:00:23 GMT):<br/>
@VipinB I don't see Capital Markets on the new community page. Will the meetings continue at the same time and pattern? thanks, Kelly
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 21 Jan 2020 13:41:45 GMT):<br/>
The whole calendar kerfuffle has me confused. I went to lists calendar and saw that we were on.  But we are not on the new community page? I thought these updated from the lists. I have to check. @KellyCooper - Also will ask @DavidBoswell and @dhuseby . We are on with same pattern and time
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 21 Jan 2020 13:41:45 GMT):<br/>
The whole calendar kerfuffle has me confused. Are you talking about https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/HYP/Calendar+of+Public+Meetings.  @KellyCooper - I see that we are on, next meeting Jan 29, 10 am EST. We are on with same pattern and time. What community page are we not on?
</p>
<p><strong>dhuseby</strong> (Tue, 21 Jan 2020 13:41:45 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>DavidBoswell</strong> (Tue, 21 Jan 2020 13:41:45 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Tue, 21 Jan 2020 13:58:13 GMT):<br/>
Yes, https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/HYP/Calendar+of+Public+Meetings notes the modified by David Huseby Jan 14 2020 and he sent an email out that this is the new calendar due to multiple changes with groups.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 21 Jan 2020 14:04:49 GMT):<br/>
I see a lot of meetings dropping off after March. I sent an email to Dave. Our CMSIG meetings for JAN and Feb seem to be there, but disappears after, in March on. I also see that our list calendar is marked every two weeks with no expiry. @KellyCooper @dhuseby  
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Tue, 21 Jan 2020 14:08:34 GMT):<br/>
Thanks!
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 28 Jan 2020 15:05:58 GMT):<br/>
@here  Hi all,

Please look at
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-01-29
For Agenda and notes

on the https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup zoom channel.

As usual, everyone is welcome:

Main items

    Roadmap for 2020 - continued 
    Interim progress on all our projects
    TTF collaboration
    HGF & CMSIG

Hoping to see you all on the call.


</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 28 Jan 2020 15:05:58 GMT):<br/>
@here  
Tomorrow (Jan 29 2020) 10 am EST (1500 UTC)

Please look at
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-01-29
For Agenda and notes



on the https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup zoom channel.

As usual, everyone is welcome:

Main items

    Roadmap for 2020 - continued 
    Interim progress on all our projects
    TTF collaboration
    HGF & CMSIG

Hoping to see you all on the call.


</p>
<p><strong>dhuseby</strong> (Tue, 28 Jan 2020 16:10:09 GMT):<br/>
So if you use the raw iCal feed on the wiki you can see everything:
https://lists.hyperledger.org/ics/1902217/3131022486068381536/feed.ics
</p>
<p><strong>dhuseby</strong> (Tue, 28 Jan 2020 16:10:33 GMT):<br/>
The problem is on Google's side. If you're following the Google calendar it's going to be missing some things sometimes.
</p>
<p><strong>dhuseby</strong> (Tue, 28 Jan 2020 16:10:59 GMT):<br/>
Google specifically hobbled the ability to bring in external iCal format calendar streams because they want you to just move over to using Google calendar.
</p>
<p><strong>dhuseby</strong> (Tue, 28 Jan 2020 16:11:24 GMT):<br/>
I suspect there is a time limit and/or a limit to the number of events they will ingest and reflect in their calendar
</p>
<p><strong>dhuseby</strong> (Tue, 28 Jan 2020 16:11:42 GMT):<br/>
a hard limit would explain why some SIGs calendars go out through the end of the year and some don't go into March
</p>
<p><strong>dhuseby</strong> (Tue, 28 Jan 2020 16:12:48 GMT):<br/>
Let's say Google only ingests 10 events max. The first SIG has a repeating meeting that creates 8 events in the Google calendar. The next SIG also has a repeating meeting that would create 8 events, but Google only pulls in 2 events because they only pull in 10 max.
</p>
<p><strong>dhuseby</strong> (Tue, 28 Jan 2020 16:13:18 GMT):<br/>
I suspect that's what's going on. Google is super opaque about this. Support inquiries have come back with: "why don't you just migrate to google calendars"
</p>
<p><strong>dhuseby</strong> (Tue, 28 Jan 2020 16:13:56 GMT):<br/>
my suggestion is to get a desktop calendaring app such as iCal, Mozilla Lighting, etc and then use the iCal feed from lists.hyperledger.org  That works perfectly for me.
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Tue, 28 Jan 2020 17:30:22 GMT):<br/>
Y, Google Calendar is an issue. What I saw was on the H calendar page, separate from Google. Will relook. Thanks, Kelly
</p>
<p><strong>mmani99</strong> (Thu, 30 Jan 2020 00:19:20 GMT):<br/>
Token Control Messages:   Take a look at TTF Token Control Messages at https://github.com/token-taxonomy-initiative/TokenTaxonomyFramework/blob/master/token-control-messages.md.   While Token standards and definitions are platform independent, here there is a recommendation to use gRPC for transport protocols. 
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Sun, 09 Feb 2020 18:31:49 GMT):<br/>
Thanks @mmani99 we will take this up in the next TokenTF call, after discussing as the group is being formed in the CMSIG call itself. We have to sketch out the various functions in the life cycle to the corresponding artifacts (including definition, messages etc). gRPC itself is meant to be platform independent, since the standard interoperates between platforms and languages- The other standard mentioned is AMQP for messages. Platform specific data will be at the end, so that the extensions do not break the implementations. this follows the standard for extensible interactions; i.e. have a standard header, so that you can interpret this across the board and call the specific implementation if it is available. When not available, report this as a message type that needs to be plugged in. @here please opine.
</p>
<p><strong>JasonForte</strong> (Wed, 12 Feb 2020 07:10:19 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 12 Feb 2020 14:44:55 GMT):<br/>
@here,

Please look at
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-02-12
For Agenda and notes

on the https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup zoom channel.

As usual, everyone is welcome:

Main items

    Interim progress on all our projects
    TTF collaboration - a team is forming for modeling a sample token
    HGF & CMSIG

Hoping to see you all on the call.

Best,

</p>
<p><strong>Tomomi.Yamano</strong> (Sat, 22 Feb 2020 16:55:40 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 25 Feb 2020 16:42:26 GMT):<br/>
@here CMSIG call tomorrow (Wednesday) at 10 am EST (15:00 UTC) Please look at
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-02-26
For Agenda and notes

on the https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup zoom channel.

As usual, everyone is welcome:

Main items

    Interim progress on all our projects
    Smart Contracts for securitization: SiChen
    eThaler project - current status
    Other projects- current status
    TTF- custody workshop
    CBDC and monetary policy

Hoping to see you all on the call.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 26 Feb 2020 16:54:14 GMT):<br/>
@here

Thanks for the terrific call with a lot of interesting discussions around significant topics.
I was not able to catch all the names - please update on the notes page below.
Especially Sanjay and Prasad (I was not able to get your full names or your LFIDs)- I have added your future presentations to the list at the end as well.
I also do not have all the names (there were 10 participants but I only managed to get 9 names); please add your name to the list
Minutes and audio recording is available.
 More details at https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-02-26

Minutes below. Please add or update as you see fit.
Thanks

    Anti-trust policy & Code of conduct
    Introductions (tried to add that detail up top)
    Si Chen talked about the smart contracts for securitization
        He wants Open Source Smart contracts to standardize and make transparent processes around analytics and securitization in general for all participants (Rating Agencies, Regulators, Investors, Trustees and servicers)- he feels this should be data standard independent.
        He explained over-collaterization & Subordination
        Over-collaterization - Use a pool of loans that is much larger than the securities issued against it (i.e. $500M of loans backing a $350M issuance)
        Subordination- use a structure that has senior and junior tranches, junior tranches (higher yield) absorb first losses due to default and senior (lower yield) protected.
        These are ways to protect investors and give them access to products that conform to the level of risk that they are willing to tolerate.
        Sanjay talked about challenges in implementing this in Intain, they had to separate out several functions from chaincode into Java based helper functions mainly the payouts to investors, mainly due to chaincode latency and scaling issues. Motorcycle loans from a pool of 5000 loans have to track cashflows.
    Vipin talked about the eThaler project, motivation and implementation timeline with a call on Friday. Any securitization project consists of three items 1. Identity 2. Assets and their management 3. Payment rails through CBDC or attachments to stablecoins or other tokens.
    Mani talked about 1. Using basic definitions 2. Distributing the TTF worksheet.
    Who can be on the eThaler call? Anyone who is interested 1.Preparation needed 2. Basics cannot be repeated. We have set an aggressive timeline (4-6 weeks)
</p>
<p><strong>gokulalex</strong> (Fri, 20 Mar 2020 12:07:21 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>seanyoung</strong> (Wed, 25 Mar 2020 14:20:47 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Thu, 26 Mar 2020 13:36:46 GMT):<br/>
@here great call yesterday. For details please see: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-03-25
</p>
<p><strong>duncanjw</strong> (Fri, 03 Apr 2020 12:10:38 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 03 Apr 2020 13:35:42 GMT):<br/>
@here call at 10 am for eThaler project  https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 03 Apr 2020 13:36:36 GMT):<br/>
10 am EDT
</p>
<p><strong>mmani99</strong> (Tue, 07 Apr 2020 11:24:26 GMT):<br/>
https://cointelegraph.com/news/south-koreas-central-bank-launches-digital-currency-pilot-program
</p>
<p><strong>kumar89</strong> (Tue, 07 Apr 2020 15:54:41 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 08 Apr 2020 14:33:37 GMT):<br/>
https://medium.com/@vipinsun/central-bank-digital-currency-1af7e072e660?source=friends_link&sk=b8ff0d8178704d92d2cd6488ddbd1fb3
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 20 Apr 2020 17:44:54 GMT):<br/>
@here call this week on Wednesday April 22nd at 10 am EDT (14:00 UTC)

https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-04-22
For Agenda and notes

on the https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup zoom channel.

As usual, everyone is welcome:

Main items

Interim progress on all our projects
eThaler project - current status- there are many updates from the last meeting
Other projects- current status- Ron may present on the regulatory matrix

The work on survey of CBDC that I hoped to present will be deferred, since I have had to pause that work. 
Hoping to see you all on the call. 
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 06 May 2020 18:50:43 GMT):<br/>
@here Good meeting today:
Summary: We have completed the phase I objectives of the eThaler project
We will transfer source code to the labs project after testing

Spoke about next steps
UI being the primary work
Bonds & Equities definition
Custody workshop
Next weeks panel on challenges of standardisation.

Details and recording in : https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-05-06

We await your co-operation and collaboration.
Thanks to all,
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Thu, 21 May 2020 16:29:28 GMT):<br/>
Hi All
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Thu, 21 May 2020 16:31:13 GMT):<br/>
I am looking to write a small narrative on “Rise and fall of block chain Consortiums in Capital Markets” anyone interested in joining forces? Cheers!
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 22 May 2020 13:56:48 GMT):<br/>
@KirthiK there was extensive discussion on this topic in consensus:distributed, look under EY and others remarks on the distributed feeds. They are getting these feeds lined up
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Fri, 22 May 2020 13:58:28 GMT):<br/>
Thanks 👍 @VipinB 
</p>
<p><strong>kumar89</strong> (Fri, 29 May 2020 14:07:40 GMT):<br/>
Do we have the capital market meeting today please? Is this the zoom link for the same, https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup?


</p>
<p><strong>sanusatyadarshi</strong> (Wed, 03 Jun 2020 10:38:53 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>knagware9</strong> (Thu, 04 Jun 2020 18:16:47 GMT):<br/>
Hyperledger in Asia Pacific is excited to present "Blockchain Stories 2020"
Find out what businesses in Asia Pacific are building using Hyperledger projects! Register to attend Part 2 of the series!
Not to be missed opportunity in Asia Pacific to attend "Blockchain Stories 2020"!! Spread the word and join us!

Hear the journey of enterprises in "Blockchain Stories 2020" this summer. Get answer to all your questions: What problems can you solve using Blockchain? What makes a Blockchain business success? What businesses around the world are building on Blockchain? And more...
06 June 2020
08:30am UAE
10:00am Indian Standard Time
11:30am Thailand
12:30pm Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia
01:30pm Japan, Korea
02:30pm Australian EST

Registration Link: https://zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_QGT45_ZiQEO4nQ9k8j7tNg
</p>
<p><strong>knagware9</strong> (Thu, 04 Jun 2020 18:17:01 GMT):<br/>

<br/><a href="./assets/xKcvojix6H422nkFf-Blockchain Stories 2020 - 6th June 2020.png">Blockchain Stories 2020 - 6th June 2020.png</a>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 12 Jun 2020 00:18:30 GMT):<br/>
@here Another Forbes piece on Digital dollar project during a congressional hearing https://www.forbes.com/sites/vipinbharathan/2020/06/11/stimulus-checks-delivery-during-a-pandemic-using-fedaccounts-and-digital-tools/#773cf5115a32
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 29 Jun 2020 20:55:35 GMT):<br/>
@here we will have a presentation on building software to test software especially DLT based systems in capital markets; in the CMSIG from Elena Treshcheva, Researcher Exactpro
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 29 Jun 2020 20:56:04 GMT):<br/>
The call is on Jul 1st, Wednesday at 10 am EDT.
</p>
<p><strong>dtomczyk</strong> (Wed, 01 Jul 2020 14:59:44 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>assit</strong> (Sat, 04 Jul 2020 04:49:04 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Thu, 09 Jul 2020 14:10:04 GMT):<br/>
@here the focus of the rest of July will be CBDC, our first call on July 15th will feature a discussion as suggested by @KOttoni  of points raised by the DDP whitepaper and follow ons. July 29th will feature a talk by an influential voice from an important central bank on the whole topic from wholesale to retail CBDCs. All of this will be peppered with discussions on the evolution of our own wholesale CBDC article.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 14 Jul 2020 18:32:16 GMT):<br/>
@here

Announcing a call of the Capital Markets Special Interest Group tomorrow (July 15) at 10:00 am EDT (14:00 UTC).
The Agenda is here: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-07-15
The call will be on:  https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup

Main event
Digital Dollar Project (DDP): A discussion on the whitepaper. Led by Karen Ottoni. 

Karen will send around or add a a couple of questions to the agenda  to spark discussion.
The next two meetings are on Central Bank Digital Currency, with the one on July 29th being a presentation by a Central Banker on this topic du jour. 

Please participate
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Tue, 14 Jul 2020 19:04:45 GMT):<br/>
I will join
</p>
<p><strong>knagware9</strong> (Wed, 15 Jul 2020 09:28:01 GMT):<br/>
will be great session...
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 27 Jul 2020 14:14:31 GMT):<br/>
@here

 Announcing a call of the Capital Markets Special Interest Group Wednesday, the 29th at 10:00 am EDT (14:00 UTC).
The call will be on:  https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup

Main event
Bank of England Head of Future Technology, William Lovell presents on CBDC, retail and wholesale, in light of the BoE's efforts, including their latest paper on CBDC. We will have a Q&A after the presentation.

Please participate, engage, ask questions,

Agenda Notes etc. https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-07-29
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 27 Jul 2020 14:15:54 GMT):<br/>
@here Standardization efforts starting for Digital Currencies https://www.forbes.com/sites/vipinbharathan/2020/07/27/digital-currency-standards-work-is-starting-at-dcgi/#169086fd1b80
</p>
<p><strong>KirthiK</strong> (Mon, 27 Jul 2020 14:34:18 GMT):<br/>
👍🏽
</p>
<p><strong>AshutoshKumar7</strong> (Fri, 07 Aug 2020 17:31:34 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 12 Aug 2020 14:00:45 GMT):<br/>
@here call starting, please join
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 25 Aug 2020 15:50:54 GMT):<br/>
@here No call tomorrow at 10 am Eastern, a much deserved summer respite tomorrow.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 26 Aug 2020 13:38:46 GMT):<br/>
@here 

Hope you are all staying safe in these trying times.
This week's call is cancelled.
This is a time for summer vacations in the Northern Hemisphere.
Talk to everyone on September 9th.
We have the following presentations scheduled in September.
Sept 9th- Atomyze - tokenizing nickel trading
Sept 23rd - Tangem- a smart card based approach to CBDC
</p>
<p><strong>JasleenBindra</strong> (Tue, 08 Sep 2020 17:18:22 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 09 Sep 2020 16:43:36 GMT):<br/>
@here we had a great call today!
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 09 Sep 2020 16:43:58 GMT):<br/>
Notes and recordings will be posted on the wiki
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Sun, 20 Sep 2020 14:55:42 GMT):<br/>
@here,

For details: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-09-23

The Hyperledger Capital Markets SIG continues its work on CBDCs. This time for a disconnected approach using Smart Cards. "Springboarding CBDC Into Reality" by Sergio Mello, CEO of Tangem. A fresh look at emulating the peer-to-peer nature of cash.
Tangem is completing the required VISA and Mastercard certification processes to enable digital assets and CBDC to ride on the existing EMVCo rails. Tangem focuses on secure microelectronics, modern cryptography, decentralization, open-source software, and interoperability to provide a platform for industrial-grade solutions. This is especially true in leapfrogging in developing countries to solve the last mile problem for CBDC.

Where: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup

When: September 23, 10:00 am EDT (14:00 UTC)

Discuss: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-09-23



Please attend the call; listen and contribute.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 22 Sep 2020 15:10:25 GMT):<br/>

<br/><a href="./assets/bsy9cgpqSkuiDuz6y-2020-09-23 Announcement Tangem.jpg">2020-09-23 Announcement Tangem.jpg</a>
</p>
<p><strong>dimitar.ivanov</strong> (Wed, 23 Sep 2020 14:04:34 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 25 Sep 2020 10:44:10 GMT):<br/>
Video recording now available:
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 25 Sep 2020 10:44:10 GMT):<br/>
@here Video recording now available: at the meeting minutes page
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 02 Oct 2020 21:21:04 GMT):<br/>
@here- HLCMSIG call next Wednesday
Note the updated meeting venue with an embedded pwd.
All are welcome.
We will hear about the newly formed Insurance sub-group.
Following that, our own foray into CBDC and the latest news on eThaler.

The main item is
A presentation By Baxter Hines Chief Investment Officer, Honeycomb Digital Investments
Digital Finance:
Unlocking the Real Potential of Blockchains
Based on his upcoming book from John Wiley


Where: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09
When: October 7, 10:00 am EDT (14:00 UTC)
Meeting Page: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-10-07
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 02 Oct 2020 21:22:33 GMT):<br/>

<br/><a href="./assets/D5CAdRqciLPA6kccN-2020-10-07 Announcement">2020-10-07 Announcement</a>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 19 Oct 2020 15:36:55 GMT):<br/>
@here 

Capital Markets SIG members,

The main event will be Eugenio Reggianini of Shanghai Konosko Group on Blockchain based FMI (Financial markets Infrastructure) with a Chinese focus.
Please expect Eugenio to talk about BSN, DCEP and some of the other efforts in China to bootstrap digital markets based on blockchain. For a successful and frictionless market several features have to come together 
a. A token or digital asset marketplace 
b. Integrated with a payment rail. 
c. Ease of use 
d. Familiar structures and utilities (issuance, a trading venue for primary and secondary markets, price discovery, matching engines, allocation, settlement, custody, corporate actions, regulatory oversight) mapped to the new paradigm

Transparency and verifiability about the token itself.
Eugenio is based in Shanghai and has a very privileged view of the developments in China. He is also writing a paper on the topic.

Where: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09
When: October 21, 10:00 am EDT (14:00 UTC)
Discuss: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-10-21


Please participate, contribute, discuss and engage or just listen.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 19 Oct 2020 21:53:06 GMT):<br/>

<br/><a href="./assets/NveMX796bEgk9ME6M-2020-10-21 Announcement ER(2).pdf">2020-10-21 Announcement ER(2).pdf</a>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 19 Oct 2020 21:53:06 GMT):<br/>

<br/><a href="./assets/NveMX796bEgk9ME6M-2020-10-21 Announcement ER(2).pdf">2020-10-21 Announcement ER(2).pdf</a>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 21 Oct 2020 15:04:21 GMT):<br/>
@here Fantastic overview of the comprehensive Chinese efforts to transform their financial infrastructure through Blockchains/CBDC/smart government etc.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 21 Oct 2020 15:04:50 GMT):<br/>
We will post the recording ass well as the slides.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 21 Oct 2020 15:04:50 GMT):<br/>
We will post the recording as well as the slides.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 18 Nov 2020 14:55:21 GMT):<br/>
@here Some material to mull over before our talk tomorrow.
https://www.adb.org/publications/project-inthanon-and-project-dlt-scripless-bond
https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bank-of-thailand-launches-worlds-first-government-savings-bond-on-ibm-blockchain-technology-301145253.html

Hyperledger Capital Markets Special Interest Group

Where: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09
When: November 18th, 10:00 am EST(15:00 UTC)
Discuss: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-11-18

Announces a presentation on

The Bank of Thailand Sovereign Bond Issuance on Blockchain (IBM Blockchain based on Hyperledger Fabric)

Issuing & Trading sovereign bonds on the blockchain

MR. KANTITAT AREECHITRANUSORN, Assistant Director of Payment Bond Department
MISS CHAWISA PHUMDONTREE, Senior System Analyst of IT Department

10 am EST November 18th.

Discussions will include:

General description of platform including members and participants including target investors.
Issuance and due diligence pre-issuance, are any of the bond details available on the platform a priori for bond marketing.
Order management including matching and allocation
Settlement (including payment integration)
Custody (self or institutional)
Coupon payments and continuing disclosures
Secondary Markets..

Thanks,
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 18 Nov 2020 14:55:21 GMT):<br/>
@here Some material to mull over before our talk in five minutes.
https://www.adb.org/publications/project-inthanon-and-project-dlt-scripless-bond
https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bank-of-thailand-launches-worlds-first-government-savings-bond-on-ibm-blockchain-technology-301145253.html

Hyperledger Capital Markets Special Interest Group

Where: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09
When: November 18th, 10:00 am EST(15:00 UTC)
Discuss: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2020-11-18

Announces a presentation on

The Bank of Thailand Sovereign Bond Issuance on Blockchain (IBM Blockchain based on Hyperledger Fabric)

Issuing & Trading sovereign bonds on the blockchain

MR. KANTITAT AREECHITRANUSORN, Assistant Director of Payment Bond Department
MISS CHAWISA PHUMDONTREE, Senior System Analyst of IT Department

10 am EST November 18th.

Discussions will include:

General description of platform including members and participants including target investors.
Issuance and due diligence pre-issuance, are any of the bond details available on the platform a priori for bond marketing.
Order management including matching and allocation
Settlement (including payment integration)
Custody (self or institutional)
Coupon payments and continuing disclosures
Secondary Markets..

Thanks,
</p>
<p><strong>sichen</strong> (Wed, 18 Nov 2020 17:53:08 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>iLico</strong> (Thu, 03 Dec 2020 19:29:43 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 08 Jan 2021 14:21:47 GMT):<br/>
Next Call on Jan 13th.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 08 Jan 2021 14:24:24 GMT):<br/>

<br/><a href="./assets/yzFStdwg2xdm5YY4z-2021-01-13 Announcement Soramitsu (2).jpg">2021-01-13 Announcement Soramitsu (2).jpg</a>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 08 Jan 2021 14:26:11 GMT):<br/>
@here Next call on Jan 13th
on Bakong :point_up_2:
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Fri, 08 Jan 2021 14:26:44 GMT):<br/>
@here 

Where: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09
When: January 13th, 10:00 am EST(15:00 UTC)
Discuss: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2021-01-13
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 13 Jan 2021 16:06:08 GMT):<br/>
@here Great meeting today
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 26 Jan 2021 16:53:14 GMT):<br/>
Where: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09

When: January 27th, 10:00 am EST(15:00 UTC)

Discuss: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2021-01-27



Main Event Is a presentation by Stephen Phillips, VP of Bitt.com

Rapid growth in stablecoins, evidenced by USDC’s recent 900% increase in market capitalization to 5 Billion USD as one example, is set to transform the future of money and global payments. CBDCs and stable coins represent new digital fiat infrastructure capable of transforming global economies via more accessible, real-time digital payments and settlement infrastructure. We will discuss the critical issues and lessons learned for establishing digital fiat currencies with a future outlook for capitalizing on new opportunities with digital money.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 26 Jan 2021 16:53:14 GMT):<br/>
@here Call tomorrow Where: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09

When: January 27th, 10:00 am EST(15:00 UTC)

Discuss: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2021-01-27



Main Event Is a presentation by Stephen Phillips, VP of Bitt.com

Rapid growth in stablecoins, evidenced by USDC’s recent 900% increase in market capitalization to 5 Billion USD as one example, is set to transform the future of money and global payments. CBDCs and stable coins represent new digital fiat infrastructure capable of transforming global economies via more accessible, real-time digital payments and settlement infrastructure. We will discuss the critical issues and lessons learned for establishing digital fiat currencies with a future outlook for capitalizing on new opportunities with digital money.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 26 Jan 2021 16:54:03 GMT):<br/>

<br/><a href="./assets/t9BH73bdhYftkP6qL-2021-01-21 Announcement Bitt.jpg">2021-01-21 Announcement Bitt.jpg</a>
</p>
<p><strong>alexchainstack</strong> (Mon, 08 Feb 2021 07:06:27 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 22 Mar 2021 18:00:45 GMT):<br/>
@here joint presentation with TradeFinance SIG on Wednesday at noon EDT  (instead of our regularly scheduled call at 10 am ES/DT)
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 22 Mar 2021 18:12:22 GMT):<br/>

<br/><a href="./assets/QZwrEWPHwcmFbWtjz-Announcement ISO 20022.jpg">Announcement ISO 20022.jpg</a>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 22 Mar 2021 18:12:26 GMT):<br/>
Where: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09
When: March 24th, 12:00 noon EDT(16:00 UTC)
Discuss: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2021-03-24
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 24 Mar 2021 21:15:07 GMT):<br/>
@here latest information including a presentation on ISO 20022 as well as a link to the video is on the CMSIG wiki page:
We had more than 38 participants... Maybe even as much as 40.
It was a successful session.
The wiki page is here:
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2021-03-24
Thanks for your participation
Our thanks to Mario Reichel and Anja Kamping
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Thu, 22 Apr 2021 10:37:42 GMT):<br/>
@here great talk on CBDCs yesterday by @Saket Sinha Global VP, FSS IBM Details on our meeting wiki page https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2021-04-21
</p>
<p><strong>KOttoni</strong> (Wed, 28 Apr 2021 14:34:44 GMT):<br/>
Excellent presentation!
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Thu, 06 May 2021 21:05:03 GMT):<br/>
@here Great presentation on the Fnality project. For those who missed it, please check out https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2021-05-05
Many thanks to Brett Winch and Jake Hartley for their presentation and generosity.
</p>
<p><strong>baxihemant</strong> (Mon, 31 May 2021 01:52:01 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 10 Aug 2021 15:26:07 GMT):<br/>
@here call tomorrow
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 10 Aug 2021 15:27:52 GMT):<br/>
@here The Hyperledger Capital Markets Special Interest Group announces a proposal to create a Mortgage sub-group. To discuss the details of the proposal Angel Alban President of Zventus and Marvin Bantugan co-Founder
will be at our next meeting on August 11 at 10 am EDT. 

They will provide a quick overview of the mortgage industry and workflow to illustrate the potential use cases for blockchain technology. Also highlighted will be public data on mortgage blockchain projects globally and in the Americas specifically the US. 

Please join us to plan deliverables and create your own lab or project to align with the MBS Sub-Group.

Where: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09
Details: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/CMSIG/2021-08-11


Thanks,
Vipin
</p>
<p><strong>Kharvok</strong> (Sun, 12 Sep 2021 09:39:45 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>shanest</strong> (Wed, 29 Sep 2021 16:06:39 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>munapower</strong> (Thu, 18 Nov 2021 17:17:40 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>sbohanlf</strong> (Tue, 25 Jan 2022 15:18:17 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>nikusingh</strong> (Thu, 03 Feb 2022 04:34:14 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 23 Mar 2022 17:35:07 GMT):<br/>

</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 23 Mar 2022 17:35:07 GMT):<br/>

</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 23 Mar 2022 17:35:07 GMT):<br/>

</p>
