<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"><p><strong>dhuseby</strong> (Fri, 19 Jul 2019 00:29:49 GMT):<br/>
Diversity, Civility, and Inclusion Working Group
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Fri, 19 Jul 2019 16:28:11 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Fri, 19 Jul 2019 16:28:11 GMT):<br/>
*All Are Welcome* in this channel!
</p>
<p><strong>davidwboswell</strong> (Fri, 19 Jul 2019 16:50:32 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Tue, 23 Jul 2019 23:12:03 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Tue, 23 Jul 2019 23:12:03 GMT):<br/>
Yay, I figured it out ...
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Tue, 23 Jul 2019 23:12:03 GMT):<br/>
Yay, I figured it out!
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Tue, 23 Jul 2019 23:12:22 GMT):<br/>
< Karsten Wade
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 00:04:35 GMT):<br/>
I'm going to take a shot at starting a thread in here (haven't used RocketChat before) -- Defining DCI
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 00:05:34 GMT):<br/>
1st, I think it makes sense that we have a consensus on what terms used to describe the WG mean, at least to us in this context.
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 00:06:15 GMT):<br/>
Damn, this isn't really about defining ... maybe I need to retitle :)
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 00:06:46 GMT):<br/>
I do think people will ask this of us.
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 00:08:03 GMT):<br/>
And to honest I don't think 'diversity' and 'inclusion' are difficult to define -- they are objective, binary conditions. If we are looking at e.g. gender diversity, there either is or is not a diverse representation.
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 00:09:07 GMT):<br/>
Maybe 'inclusion' is potentially subjective, but when paired with 'diversity', it's clear the meaning is something inclusive or exclusive of the diversities focused on. Something like that?
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 00:10:42 GMT):<br/>
I don't have 'civility' so clear in my mind, in that I think it's most often a very subjectively-tuned point of disagreement. Your joke is my poke is their yoke.
</p>
<p><strong>swetha</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 16:56:32 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:06:09 GMT):<br/>
Agenda for today:

Congrats to team
Blog post
Create first initiatives
Assign actions
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:06:20 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:06:28 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:06:41 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:06:42 GMT):<br/>
....Glad to be here!
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:07:39 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2019-07-24+Meeting+notes
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:07:50 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Diversity%2C+Civility%2C+and+Inclusion+WG+Home
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:07:50 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Diversity%2C+Civility%2C+and+Inclusion+WG+Home
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:11:55 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/HYP/Diversity+Civility+and+Inclusion+Working+Group
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:11:58 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/HYP/Diversity+Civility+and+Inclusion+Working+Group
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:15:49 GMT):<br/>
I have the survey monkey account and if you have lastpass I can share access
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:16:11 GMT):<br/>
So any HL employee can do it
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:17:10 GMT):<br/>
https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1860?p=,,,20,0,0,0::Created,,developer+survey,20,2,0,28432163
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:17:11 GMT):<br/>
OK, I'm in, here & here
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:21:07 GMT):<br/>
Initial questions to start from for the survey: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Questions
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:22:19 GMT):<br/>
Do we need a small group of us to interact with the CHAOSS DCI working group? I'm not sure I know enough yet to know if we can get processes or tools from them.
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:22:37 GMT):<br/>
if yes, I'd like to join that effort.
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:26:05 GMT):<br/>
https://chaoss.community
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:26:08 GMT):<br/>
there is a regular Monday meeting with the CHAOSS DCI group I've been on.
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:26:18 GMT):<br/>
with Ry, yeah?
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:29:43 GMT):<br/>
not able to sorry
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:29:50 GMT):<br/>
I can come back with that info though
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:30:05 GMT):<br/>
mail list sounds good, thanks
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:30:17 GMT):<br/>
yes Ry is also in Chaoss but is on vacation today
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:31:09 GMT):<br/>
yeah Ry is the one who groks best
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:31:10 GMT):<br/>
link to mail list is on the wiki
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:31:26 GMT):<br/>
https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/dci-wg
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:31:26 GMT):<br/>
https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/dci-wg
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:32:02 GMT):<br/>

</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:32:12 GMT):<br/>

</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:33:26 GMT):<br/>
I'm +1 on doing minutes when I can be more present from the start
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:34:50 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:36:57 GMT):<br/>
I can take the DCI definition thing to the mailing list too
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:42:38 GMT):<br/>
I think Mark is there yes
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:42:40 GMT):<br/>
not I though
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:43:14 GMT):<br/>
I'll get ahead of the curve for the next f2f opportunity
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 17:44:44 GMT):<br/>
talk to you all later
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 29 Jul 2019 16:08:19 GMT):<br/>
https://news.cornell.edu/stories/2019/07/study-addresses-low-female-participation-stem-classrooms
</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Tue, 30 Jul 2019 00:43:16 GMT):<br/>
@quaid we absolutely should be working with CHAOSS DCI group and they are very willing to work with us
</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Tue, 30 Jul 2019 00:43:44 GMT):<br/>
@quaid I have been pushing for us to join them in the development of metrics, etc, for a while
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Tue, 30 Jul 2019 03:20:12 GMT):<br/>
Maybe add chaoss update to the agenda for the next meeting?
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 07 Aug 2019 17:07:14 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2019+08+07
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Wed, 07 Aug 2019 17:07:32 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Wed, 07 Aug 2019 17:08:42 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Questions
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 07 Aug 2019 17:22:36 GMT):<br/>
Is my typing too loud on the mic?
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 07 Aug 2019 17:22:51 GMT):<br/>
there's a little feedback on the voice 
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 07 Aug 2019 17:22:57 GMT):<br/>
the typing itself isn't an issue
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 07 Aug 2019 17:23:18 GMT):<br/>
ok thx; I don't have a working headset today
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 07 Aug 2019 17:37:20 GMT):<br/>
@tkuhrt let me know when you have a link to the Accenture questionnaire
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 07 Aug 2019 17:42:03 GMT):<br/>
+1 about encouraging non-coders to TSC
</p>
<p><strong>mwagner</strong> (Wed, 07 Aug 2019 17:44:22 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 07 Aug 2019 17:56:32 GMT):<br/>
@swetha I'll review the blog post a bit later today
</p>
<p><strong>mwagner</strong> (Wed, 07 Aug 2019 18:01:46 GMT):<br/>
a minute over ? do we get time and a half ?
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 07 Aug 2019 18:03:08 GMT):<br/>
yes. take your hourly DCI-WG salary and multiply it by 3/120 :)
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 07 Aug 2019 18:03:48 GMT):<br/>
Great discussion today. Really pleased that we have so much engagement that we couldn't cover everything. That's a good problem to have.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Sun, 18 Aug 2019 16:21:29 GMT):<br/>
Hello people, we would like to implement the chaoss metrics for the IDWG, could one of you chaoss experts present for 5 minutes about this our call this wednesday at noon EDT (4 pm UTC) on the hyperledger.zoom channel? 
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Sun, 18 Aug 2019 16:21:29 GMT):<br/>
We would like to implement the chaoss metrics for the IDWG, could one of you chaoss experts present for 5 minutes about this on our call this wednesday at noon EDT (4 pm UTC) on the hyperledger.zoom channel? 
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 21 Aug 2019 17:16:58 GMT):<br/>
link Tracy emailed for survey discussion: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/DCI+Survey
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 21 Aug 2019 17:16:58 GMT):<br/>
like Tracy emailed for survey discussion: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/DCI+Survey
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 21 Aug 2019 17:42:05 GMT):<br/>
draft blog post https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Blog%3A+Hyperledger%27s+Diversity%2C+Civility%2C+and+Inclusion+Working+Group
</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 21 Aug 2019 17:42:33 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has left the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>mwagner</strong> (Tue, 27 Aug 2019 19:30:22 GMT):<br/>
is it too late to provide feedback on the survey ?  I cant seem to find a mail thread for it
</p>
<p><strong>mwagner</strong> (Tue, 27 Aug 2019 20:00:12 GMT):<br/>
found the email thread, I guess I am signed up with my home email addr
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Tue, 27 Aug 2019 21:21:05 GMT):<br/>
good reminder for us all to get some work in on that survey. if we feel like we are around 80% complete we discussed pointing the TSC to it this coming thursday. That keeps us in line with our target dates.
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Mon, 02 Sep 2019 20:48:21 GMT):<br/>
Please take a look at the latest survey questions: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/DCI+Survey
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Tue, 03 Sep 2019 11:14:35 GMT):<br/>
Looks good to me. Thanks for the new draft.
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Tue, 03 Sep 2019 15:59:04 GMT):<br/>
I wonder about 'regional' diversity since we're an international group and many do not participate in person? The rest seems clear.
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Tue, 03 Sep 2019 18:24:00 GMT):<br/>
I will attend Wednesday's meeting due to a schedule conflict. I am available to draft or edit group materials. Thanks, Kelly
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Tue, 03 Sep 2019 18:32:17 GMT):<br/>
@KellyCooper : I originally had cultural diversity, but I am not sure that is what we want either. I am looking to see if we are too heavily focused on a single region (e.g., the US or North America) to see if that is hurting our overall diversity (not just gender diversity)
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Tue, 03 Sep 2019 18:34:10 GMT):<br/>
@tkuhrt Could be there's a couple of words added to clarify. The idea works, a bit more clarity on why/what may improve data. Maybe regional (geographic representation) diversity....
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Wed, 04 Sep 2019 00:42:38 GMT):<br/>
@Dan et.al : I will be unable to make our working group call tomorrow
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Wed, 04 Sep 2019 18:12:05 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Wed, 04 Sep 2019 18:12:06 GMT):<br/>
Some of the meeting schedules are difficult for people from different time zones like East Asia..The DCI WG meeting as per Japanese Standard time starts at 2:30am which I think is difficult to attend..same is the challenge for ANZ and APAC countries..It shall be great if we can review potential solution for that to begin with Time Zone Diversity.. 
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Wed, 04 Sep 2019 18:14:12 GMT):<br/>
Will it be possible to quantify the participation from different geographies and promote where there are large opportunities of inclusion..I think this might also boost a diversity in perspective on Hyperledger and eventually a higher level of awareness..
</p>
<p><strong>davidwboswell</strong> (Wed, 04 Sep 2019 19:35:23 GMT):<br/>
@Starseven -- thanks for bringing up the issue of geographic diversity.  i agree this is important and there is much to do here.  for instance, i'd like to see us map the distribution of time zones attending all of the community calls in a given week and see how evenly distributed participation was.  i suspect that there will be areas where few people are calling in from.  we could then make recommendations about how to be more inclusion in those time zones, such as rotating meeting times, and then measure if those recommendations are helping or not.
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Thu, 05 Sep 2019 15:02:23 GMT):<br/>
And also making more use of asynchronous collaboration over email, wiki, and chat; minimizing meetings wherever possible.
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Wed, 02 Oct 2019 16:17:21 GMT):<br/>
I will be unable to attend today’s meeting 
</p>
<p><strong>swetha</strong> (Wed, 02 Oct 2019 17:01:52 GMT):<br/>
At grace hopper, so might stay mostly on mute. Couldn't find a quiet spot :(
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 02 Oct 2019 17:18:30 GMT):<br/>
OMG I finally have chat again. 
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 02 Oct 2019 17:19:52 GMT):<br/>
(Haven't been able to get rocket chat working via browser since early August, and just discovered I wasn't on the mailing list, so I have a bit to catch up with.)
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 02 Oct 2019 17:21:24 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/DCI+Survey
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Sat, 05 Oct 2019 16:40:44 GMT):<br/>
On GF slides/posters/displays - I am gathering demographics (example - https://www.wired.com/story/five-years-tech-diversity-reports-little-progress/) and images. Let's talk about ideas for action items for groups, sigs, projects. Side note: when I search for images with 'programmer' as my keyword there are many young women, Black, and LatinX in the photos, although data convey a much different story. 
</p>
<p><strong>davidwboswell</strong> (Wed, 16 Oct 2019 17:04:07 GMT):<br/>
If anyone is available, the DCI call is starting.
</p>
<p><strong>davidwboswell</strong> (Wed, 16 Oct 2019 17:04:19 GMT):<br/>
Agenda and dial-in is at: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2019+10+16
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 16 Oct 2019 19:34:04 GMT):<br/>
I was messing with the Meeting notes page to adopt into each minutes the label that makes Silona's page design automagic stuff. I only changed the recent minutes to make the Action Items into [Tasks] to be picked up on the meeting notes page.
</p>
<p><strong>quaid</strong> (Wed, 16 Oct 2019 19:35:05 GMT):<br/>
I don't know for sure the status of other tasks, so I kept to just the meeting I'd attended and know status of. 
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 30 Oct 2019 17:07:59 GMT):<br/>
discussing HLGF now... link from Celia:
https://events19.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2020/attend/diversity-inclusion/
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 30 Oct 2019 17:19:49 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Meeting+notes
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Tue, 10 Dec 2019 11:06:20 GMT):<br/>
Looking at survey tool options...
SurveyMonkey is free, but only if the survey is <= 10 questions, and you can only see the first 100 responses. 
I don't mind slimming the questions back but I think we need more than 100 responses.
https://www.surveymonkey.com/pricing/individual/details/
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Tue, 10 Dec 2019 11:07:05 GMT):<br/>
Does anyone (maybe @tkuhrt ) remember what was used for the developer survey?
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Tue, 10 Dec 2019 12:53:09 GMT):<br/>
Survey monkey The Linux Foundation's account
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Tue, 10 Dec 2019 12:54:06 GMT):<br/>
I believe since then Hyperledger has also gotten an account for these things. 
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Tue, 10 Dec 2019 14:04:13 GMT):<br/>
cool, thanks
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Wed, 11 Dec 2019 16:52:41 GMT):<br/>
I don't see DCI on today's calendar? Are we continuing with virtual meetings?
</p>
<p><strong>swetha</strong> (Wed, 11 Dec 2019 18:11:44 GMT):<br/>
@KellyCooper I think we are sticking with virutal meetings for right now
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Wed, 11 Dec 2019 18:13:18 GMT):<br/>
@swetha thanks
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 11 Dec 2019 21:46:09 GMT):<br/>
Hello everyone - 
Do you know of a developer event that we would like to get some Hyperledger representation at?

Please submit it here.  The marketing committee will review them all as we go thru our budget for 2020
Thank you! - Silona
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 11 Dec 2019 22:01:22 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/Marketing/Developer+Events
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Thu, 02 Jan 2020 11:44:18 GMT):<br/>
Hi everyone, I've synthesized all the feedback into a final draft of the survey. 
As suggested by I think @Silona I've put it in a google doc so that it can be copied into survey monkey using Hyperledger/LF's account.
In synthesizing all the drafts, I did not add any new questions which would have prompted another TSC review. Instead I focused on being concise and consistent wherever possible.
After staff gets the opportunity to add these questions into survey monkey we can review the layout there.
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Thu, 02 Jan 2020 11:44:39 GMT):<br/>
Here's the link to the google doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OSoQIDQK7utlmIGKBmKGJasZ_J7jPOwPIIDBbSFwTno/edit?usp=sharing
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Thu, 02 Jan 2020 11:45:38 GMT):<br/>
My intent is that we not make more revision there but instead review what it looks like in survey monkey. From experience the choice selection and other aspects are best reviewed on the survey platform itself.
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Mon, 06 Jan 2020 21:15:38 GMT):<br/>
You can also send out a link to a preview from Survey Monkey. That is what I did so that people could play with the survey and see how it works.
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Tue, 07 Jan 2020 09:12:37 GMT):<br/>
Are folks around to meet live this week? (Roughly 32 hrs from now)
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Tue, 07 Jan 2020 15:06:03 GMT):<br/>
I am available
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 08 Jan 2020 16:33:04 GMT):<br/>
Let's plan on dialing in (in about 1.5 hrs from now). Might be just a few of us but still worthwhile.
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 08 Jan 2020 17:59:38 GMT):<br/>
```
Great.  Everyone on this list is welcome to join.  And I don't believe the invite is on the new community calendar, so here is the dial-in information people can use for the call today at 10 am pacific.

Dial-in by computer: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup

Or dial-in by phone: +16465588656,,4034983298#

Thanks,
David
```
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 08 Jan 2020 17:59:38 GMT):<br/>
'''Great.  Everyone on this list is welcome to join.  And I don't believe the invite is on the new community calendar, so here is the dial-in information people can use for the call today at 10 am pacific.

Dial-in by computer: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup

Or dial-in by phone: +16465588656,,4034983298#

Thanks,
David'''
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 08 Jan 2020 17:59:38 GMT):<br/>
'''
Great.  Everyone on this list is welcome to join.  And I don't believe the invite is on the new community calendar, so here is the dial-in information people can use for the call today at 10 am pacific.

Dial-in by computer: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup

Or dial-in by phone: +16465588656,,4034983298#

Thanks,
David
'''
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Tue, 14 Jan 2020 17:02:44 GMT):<br/>
Calling all Projects, SIG, and WG!!!  We will have a Video recording Studio setup at HGF (Hyperledger Global Forum). We are asking that all projects and groups help us create a 5 minute video about your group so that we can promote it afterward. Sign up Here! 
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Tue, 14 Jan 2020 17:04:05 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/HGF/Video+Recording+Schedule
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Mon, 27 Jan 2020 15:15:54 GMT):<br/>
@Silona does survey monkey give you a way to track response rate to date? I guess our best case would be the number of votes tallied for the TSC, i.e. these are the community members that probably monitor and respond to things.
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 27 Jan 2020 15:51:12 GMT):<br/>
https://www.surveymonkey.com/results/SM-CVCBTVTR7/?manage=true
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 27 Jan 2020 15:51:38 GMT):<br/>
https://www.surveymonkey.com/results/SM-CVCBTVTR7/
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 27 Jan 2020 15:51:38 GMT):<br/>
https://www.surveymonkey.com/results/SM-CVCBTVTR7/
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Mon, 27 Jan 2020 17:15:59 GMT):<br/>
cool thanks!
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 27 Jan 2020 22:26:02 GMT):<br/>
The Linux Foundation’s CommunityBridge engineers are working on a tool to measure the health of critical open source projects and one of the key areas identified is QA Testing.  They request that our communities provide  honest and detailed information on testing tools and methodologies you use in your projects for us to come up with a detailed analysis, which they will share with all respondents and projects. https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/9H5G2GV. It’s only 5 questions long.  
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 29 Jan 2020 14:37:24 GMT):<br/>
Agenda for today:
Ongoing Working group refinements (meeting times, assignments, etc)
Check in on survey & outreach plan
Global Forum planning
</p>
<p><strong>swetha</strong> (Wed, 29 Jan 2020 17:44:22 GMT):<br/>
I will most likely be late for today's meeting 
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 29 Jan 2020 19:44:49 GMT):<br/>
Sorry all, I got too many complaints about the banner breaking editing tools on the wiki.  We have many new Space admins beyond my team and so we made the call not to do any banners until we find a new tool that doesn't break things.  Remember SAVE EARLY SAVE OFTEN (even without the banner ;-))
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Thu, 30 Jan 2020 22:19:42 GMT):<br/>

</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Tue, 04 Feb 2020 20:44:14 GMT):<br/>
Hi, I'm looking at agenda items for whether we meet tomorrow. Our two big topics are the survey and HGF.
On the survey front, there's good news and bad news.
Good: We've more than doubled our responses 
Bad: That still only amounts to 75
I'm all ears for ideas how to improve the response rate.
Also anyone with a stats background that wants to take a stab at interpreting the results?

On the HGF Front I don't know if there's anything new to discuss.
We need a spokesperson to do a 2-3 min video clip with Silona to explain the WG.

</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 05 Feb 2020 05:07:31 GMT):<br/>
Does not sound like we have enough agenda for tomorrow. Let's resume in the next scheduled meeting in 2 wks.
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 05 Feb 2020 14:28:05 GMT):<br/>
For our next meeting I would like to start talking about our objectives for the year.
Please think what you would like us to be able to say 11 months from now.

Also @tkuhrt and @swetha do you guys want to preview your HGF talk with the team at the next meeting? That might also spur some thoughts for the planning discussion. 

Finally, please continue to promote the survey with your teams. I'm concerned that we won't hit a useable number of responses.
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Tue, 11 Feb 2020 16:16:34 GMT):<br/>
Hi we are about 1 week out from our next meeting. To make these meetings useful we all need to do a little pre-work.
for this next meeting please think about our HGF plans (As above @tkuhrt & @swetha  let us know about previewing your session) and then lets talk about our objectives for the rest of the year.
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Tue, 11 Feb 2020 16:16:49 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2020+02+19
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Tue, 11 Feb 2020 17:35:00 GMT):<br/>
Also we have very limited results on the survey so we should talk about how we manage that. (currently at 86)
</p>
<p><strong>swetha</strong> (Thu, 13 Feb 2020 05:33:48 GMT):<br/>
@Dan sorry for the delayed response. @tkuhrt and I will preview our session at the next agenda. We will need about 10-15 min
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Thu, 13 Feb 2020 13:48:29 GMT):<br/>
cool thanks :)
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Thu, 13 Feb 2020 18:23:38 GMT):<br/>
Howdy Contributors and Maintainers!  Are you wondering about tapping into Developer marketing for your group or project?  Do you have a blog post idea?  An awesome announcement? Please attend our Contributor/marketing meeting!  https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/Marketing/2020-02-19+Meeting+notes
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 17 Feb 2020 22:18:02 GMT):<br/>
Are you wondering about tapping into Developer marketing for your group or project?  Do you have a blog post idea?  An awesome announcement? Please attend TOMORROW!  https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/Marketing/2020-02-19+Meeting+notes
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 19 Feb 2020 16:58:55 GMT):<br/>
Meeting in 1 hr: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2020+02+19
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Tue, 25 Feb 2020 16:27:46 GMT):<br/>
@alissa.worley You should probably have Leila Yosef join this chat. 
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 26 Feb 2020 14:14:45 GMT):<br/>
Everyone is welcome ;)
Leila just needs to create an LFID and then log in with that and join the channel.
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Mon, 11 May 2020 23:28:27 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 20 May 2020 16:04:40 GMT):<br/>
DCI meeting on now
</p>
<p><strong>LuisOcegueda</strong> (Tue, 09 Jun 2020 14:30:18 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 10 Jun 2020 16:33:47 GMT):<br/>
Half hour out from our first guest speaker. Looking forward to 'seeing' everyone on the call.
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/x/kw7cAQ
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 10 Jun 2020 16:33:57 GMT):<br/>
https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup
</p>
<p><strong>raduke</strong> (Wed, 22 Jul 2020 16:10:41 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>peter_somogyvari</strong> (Tue, 08 Dec 2020 17:49:06 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Tue, 08 Dec 2020 18:10:26 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Tue, 08 Dec 2020 21:18:20 GMT):<br/>
Welcome Peter!
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Tue, 08 Dec 2020 21:22:55 GMT):<br/>
Hi All, since we didn't have time to get to the proposed motions for the TSC during our last call I would like to attempt to agree on these as a group offline. Reason being, the upcoming TSC meeting is the last one of the year and it would be great to head into 2021 with our focus on setting these in motion. For easy reference you can find the motions for review just under the GB section https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Turning+Recommendations+into+Proposed+Motions+for+the+GB+and+TSC
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Tue, 08 Dec 2020 21:23:25 GMT):<br/>
Feel free to comment here or directly on the Wiki as you prefer
</p>
<p><strong>davidwboswell</strong> (Tue, 08 Dec 2020 21:26:32 GMT):<br/>
@lnuon -- i agree that it is a good thing for the group to collaborate more in offline ways vs needing to do everything in a call.  and thanks for posting here -- it would also be good to get more discussions going on chat.  the last post in this channel is back in june.  since this channel hasn't been very active though people may not be paying attention.  i'd suggest posting on the list too about trying to finalize the TSC motions to see if we get responses there too.
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Tue, 08 Dec 2020 22:16:28 GMT):<br/>
Will do! Great suggestion. Thx.
</p>
<p><strong>peter_somogyvari</strong> (Tue, 08 Dec 2020 22:22:21 GMT):<br/>
@davidwboswell Off-topic, maybe interesting fact: 
I was about to post here this morning when I decided that to optimize for message reach and  compared the number of members here to the members on the dci-wg mailing list. I ended up going with the mailing list because it has significantly more members than the channel here (and I didn't have a specific preference over IM or email)
</p>
<p><strong>davidwboswell</strong> (Tue, 08 Dec 2020 22:25:14 GMT):<br/>
@peter_somogyvari -- i feel like this is one thing we could do better in the community.  you made the right call about where to post, but for someone new to the community they could easily post to channels that aren't active and then never hear back from anyone.  a community with lots of inactive channels and contribution paths isn't super inclusive so we could do more to prune things, IMO.
</p>
<p><strong>peter_somogyvari</strong> (Tue, 08 Dec 2020 22:28:55 GMT):<br/>
Just an idea, maybe there could be a synchronization feature where bots cross-post on both communication platforms (email, RocketChat) so that at any point in time both have the union of all messages posted on either one of them.
It would also have the benefit of not having to double post when you really want to make sure that everyone gets the message (I always double post our weekly meeting agenda document link).
Downside (I guess) is that people subscribed to both with notifications enabled would get everything twice, but that would be an easy adjustment for them to mute either the emails or RocketChat depending on what their preferred interface is.
I have zero experience with setting up anything like this for RocketChat but have seen these kind of messaging integrations a lot on other places like Slack, Telegram, Discord, etc.
</p>
<p><strong>peter_somogyvari</strong> (Tue, 08 Dec 2020 22:28:55 GMT):<br/>
Just an idea, maybe there could be a synchronization feature where bots cross-post on both communication platforms (email, RocketChat) so that at any point in time both have the union of all messages posted on either one of them.
It would also have the benefit of not having to double post when you really want to make sure that everyone gets the message (I always double post our weekly meeting agenda document link).
Downside (I guess) is that people subscribed to both with notifications enabled would get everything twice, but that would be an easy adjustment for them to mute either the emails or RocketChat depending on what their preferred interface is.
I have zero experience with setting up anything like this for RocketChat but have seen these kind of messaging integrations a lot on other places like Slack, Telegram, Discord, etc. @davidwboswell
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Tue, 08 Dec 2020 22:33:19 GMT):<br/>
I'd def. find it useful. Since we're on the topic another pesky tool related thing I've had on my list to look into is the cal. functionality. @KOttoni covered a few different ways I could pull meetings into my cal. but I don't recall if any of them kept your personal cal. up to date when changes were made to event.
</p>
<p><strong>davidwboswell</strong> (Tue, 08 Dec 2020 23:49:07 GMT):<br/>
yes, the calendar issue isn't as straight forward as it could be
</p>
<p><strong>davidwboswell</strong> (Tue, 08 Dec 2020 23:50:06 GMT):<br/>
and cross posting across chat and list could work, although as peter points out that could just double communication for people on both.  my 2 cents would be having a way to indicate when channels are inactive -- not get rid of them but make it clear to people that they may not get a response if they use it.
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Fri, 22 Jan 2021 17:47:19 GMT):<br/>
Sharing some of the links shared on DCI Zoom meeting Jan 22th
Recent Blog Post:
https://www.hyperledger.org/blog/2021/01/14/removing-barriers-to-contribution-with-regional-community-chapters
Proposed Motions to GB- 
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Turning+Recommendations+into+Proposed+Motions+for+the+GB+and+TSC
 Inclusive Naming Initiative:
https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/dci-wg/message/252?p=,,,20,0,0,0::Created,,inclusive,20,2,0,78367835
DCI GB Recommendations:
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/DCI-WG+Recommendations+To+The+TSC+2020

In aligning with other international initiatives and orgs some links shared (see agenda list):
http://www.code2040.org/
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Fri, 22 Jan 2021 17:47:19 GMT):<br/>
Sharing some of the links shared on DCI Zoom meeting Jan 22th
Recent Blog Post:
https://www.hyperledger.org/blog/2021/01/14/removing-barriers-to-contribution-with-regional-community-chapters
Proposed Motions to GB- 
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Turning+Recommendations+into+Proposed+Motions+for+the+GB+and+TSC
 Inclusive Naming Initiative:
https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/dci-wg/message/252?p=,,,20,0,0,0::Created,,inclusive,20,2,0,78367835
DCI GB Recommendations:
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/DCI-WG+Recommendations+To+The+TSC+2020

In aligning with other international initiatives and orgs some links shared (see agenda list):
https://www.un.org/en/sections/observances/international-days/)
http://www.code2040.org/
https://training.linuxfoundation.org/announcements/blacks-in-technology-and-the-linux-foundation-partner-to-offer-up-to-100000-in-training-certification-to-deserving-individuals/
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Fri, 22 Jan 2021 17:47:19 GMT):<br/>
Sharing some of the links shared on DCI Zoom meeting Jan 22th
Recent Blog Post:
https://www.hyperledger.org/blog/2021/01/14/removing-barriers-to-contribution-with-regional-community-chapters
Proposed Motions to GB- 
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Turning+Recommendations+into+Proposed+Motions+for+the+GB+and+TSC
 Inclusive Naming Initiative:
https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/dci-wg/message/252?p=,,,20,0,0,0::Created,,inclusive,20,2,0,78367835
DCI GB Recommendations:
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/DCI-WG+Recommendations+To+The+TSC+2020

In aligning with other international initiatives and orgs some links shared (see agenda list):
https://www.un.org/en/sections/observances/international-days/)
http://www.code2040.org/
https://training.linuxfoundation.org/announcements/blacks-in-technology-and-the-linux-foundation-partner-to-offer-up-to-100000-in-training-certification-to-deserving-individuals/

Other DCI initiatives at the Linux Foundation - https://chaoss.community/about/ - DCI WG https://github.com/chaoss/wg-diversity-inclusion
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Fri, 22 Jan 2021 17:48:42 GMT):<br/>
Meeting notes here: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2021-01-22+Meeting+notes
</p>
<p><strong>grace.hartley</strong> (Fri, 22 Jan 2021 17:54:20 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Dan</strong> (Wed, 03 Feb 2021 16:46:54 GMT):<br/>
is there a meeting coming up today?
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Fri, 05 Feb 2021 17:21:04 GMT):<br/>
@Dan sorry- the meeting was moved to Friday's it is going on right now
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Fri, 05 Feb 2021 17:21:37 GMT):<br/>
Join Zoom Meeting
https://zoom.us/j/6223336701?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09
Meeting ID: 622 333 6701
Passcode: 475869
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Fri, 05 Feb 2021 17:23:06 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2021-02-05+Meeting+notes
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Fri, 05 Feb 2021 17:27:33 GMT):<br/>
Discussed - Removing Barriers to Contribution Blog -  https://www.hyperledger.org/blog/2021/01/26/removing-barriers-to-contribution-with-inclusive-language great to see amplification from Accenture's CTO  - https://twitter.com/pauldaugh/status/1357130356248502276?s=20
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Fri, 19 Feb 2021 17:11:00 GMT):<br/>
--- Feb 19th --- DCI Meeting 
Agenda and Meeting Notes
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2021-02-19+Meeting+notes
</p>
<p><strong>grace.hartley</strong> (Fri, 19 Feb 2021 17:14:11 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/~shemnon/Project+Badging+Proposal
</p>
<p><strong>KOttoni</strong> (Fri, 19 Feb 2021 17:38:00 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>KOttoni</strong> (Fri, 19 Feb 2021 17:38:02 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2021+Strategic+Priorities
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Tue, 23 Feb 2021 00:30:04 GMT):<br/>
Here's the Eventbright link to the National Policy Briefing we spoke about on Friday - https://bit.ly/3rYqTWo
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Tue, 23 Feb 2021 00:30:10 GMT):<br/>
I hope everyone had a good weekend.
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Fri, 05 Mar 2021 16:25:20 GMT):<br/>
Good morning or good afternoon everyone. Friendly reminder that the DCI WG meeting will be starting shortly. 
https://zoom.us/j/6223336701?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09
Meeting ID: 622 333 6701
Passcode: 475869
</p>
<p><strong>KOttoni</strong> (Thu, 11 Mar 2021 14:01:34 GMT):<br/>
I just came across this - an initiative out of the Frankfurt School Blockchain Center to mentor diverse talent in DLT https://my.dlt-talents.com/ -- perhaps an initiative to engage with? @lnuon
</p>
<p><strong>peter_somogyvari</strong> (Fri, 12 Mar 2021 17:35:49 GMT):<br/>
Is there a call today? I don't see it on the calendar but I've been known to misread it... :-)
</p>
<p><strong>KOttoni</strong> (Wed, 17 Mar 2021 02:49:41 GMT):<br/>
I'm sorry @peter_somogyvari  I didn't see this, our next call is this Friday the 19th and then we're biweekly from there. Hope to catch you then!
</p>
<p><strong>peter_somogyvari</strong> (Wed, 17 Mar 2021 02:50:09 GMT):<br/>
No worries at all Karen, thanks for confirming!
</p>
<p><strong>grace.hartley</strong> (Fri, 02 Apr 2021 15:27:25 GMT):<br/>
Hey all - I have a conflict today and won't be able to join our Working Group meeting. Will read the meeting minutes afterwards. We're still waiting for INI approval of dci-lint tool to then be able to shrae the inclusive naming proposal with the TSC.
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Fri, 02 Apr 2021 15:48:40 GMT):<br/>
I won't be able to make todays meeting everyone. I am extremely under the weather. I will submit an outline of my notes on the Wiki that @KOttoni put together and refer to the notes.
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Fri, 02 Apr 2021 16:13:02 GMT):<br/>
----April 2 DCI Call---
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Fri, 02 Apr 2021 16:21:35 GMT):<br/>
Reviewing DCI goals for HGF - https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/dci-wg/topic/81583414#326
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Fri, 02 Apr 2021 16:22:01 GMT):<br/>
Please reply to that thread with additional idea and thoughts!
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Fri, 02 Apr 2021 16:28:29 GMT):<br/>
Meeting Agenda and notes---
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2021-04-02+Meeting+notes
</p>
<p><strong>KOttoni</strong> (Fri, 02 Apr 2021 16:35:30 GMT):<br/>
thanks for the update!
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Fri, 02 Apr 2021 16:46:48 GMT):<br/>
Shared when discussing Linux Foundation -Diversity at Events statement-   https://linuxfoundation.org/en/diversity-and-inclusion-at-our-events/
</p>
<p><strong>grace.hartley</strong> (Fri, 30 Apr 2021 15:04:13 GMT):<br/>
Hey All - I won't be able to make the meeting today. I will read the notes afterwards. Thanks!
</p>
<p><strong>peter_somogyvari</strong> (Mon, 17 May 2021 21:48:20 GMT):<br/>
I added a section to the Developer Guide Outline Draft regarding the fair processing of pull requests. It ended up being a little longer/wordier than I thought it would be so I'm definitely open to ideas on how it could be compressed a bit. :-)
</p>
<p><strong>peter_somogyvari</strong> (Mon, 17 May 2021 21:48:20 GMT):<br/>
I added a section to the Developer Guide Outline Draft regarding the fair processing of pull requests. It ended up being a little longer/wordier than I thought it would be so I'm definitely open to ideas on how it could be compressed a bit. :-)
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=50136252
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Wed, 19 May 2021 13:07:35 GMT):<br/>
Thanks for kicking this off @peter_somogyvari. At first glance it looks solid, having more to work with is much better than not enough. @grace.hartley and I will review and provide feedback.
</p>
<p><strong>grace.hartley</strong> (Thu, 27 May 2021 16:02:53 GMT):<br/>
Thanks for kicking off the doc, @peter_somogyvari. I don't think it's too lengthy. I appreciated the examples. I'm not sure if we want to add to this doc or not but I also added in a brief section around facilitating chat channels in an inclusive manner too.
</p>
<p><strong>grace.hartley</strong> (Thu, 27 May 2021 16:04:09 GMT):<br/>
Also, FYI to the group, I'm OOO tomorrow so I won't be on the working group call. Just confirming @peter_somogyvari that we still haven't received approval from INI on the dci-lint tool? We're still pending submitting the proposal to the TSC since that it hasn't been approved yet.
</p>
<p><strong>peter_somogyvari</strong> (Thu, 27 May 2021 16:28:51 GMT):<br/>
@grace.hartley My pleasure and thanks for adding that section, I think it's needed for sure!
</p>
<p><strong>peter_somogyvari</strong> (Thu, 27 May 2021 16:46:32 GMT):<br/>
@grace.hartley Confirmed, still no approval unfortunately. 

It has progressed a lot from how it was since we last spoke, but the progress also unearthed that it likely won't get merged as is and may even need a complete re-work for the configuration file to have a different format. 
In addition to that the INI will potentially want to do some research into other similar tools as DCI Lint themselves to get better informed on their approach to this. There's a version of events where all this will happen quite fast and then the PR will get merged soon, but I would estimate that it will be a little while longer.

Depending on the level of urgency to get the TSC recommendations out of the door, we could take a second stab at looking into some temporary measure to bridge the gap between the present and a future potential INI approval for the PR.
(I still prefer to avoid maintaining the word list in the DCI Lint repo, especially after seeing how much work goes into the INI - but there are other avenues we could put a little more effort into exploring as a temporary measure)
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Thu, 27 May 2021 21:33:55 GMT):<br/>
No worries @grace.hartley , recording and meeting notes will be posted. And I'll add discussing potential solutions in lieu of the PR approval to the agenda.
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Thu, 27 May 2021 21:34:16 GMT):<br/>
Does anyone else have agenda items they would like to discuss?
</p>
<p><strong>KOttoni</strong> (Fri, 28 May 2021 02:45:35 GMT):<br/>
Hi Everyone, I won't be on the call tomorrow, but will look to the notes to see if there's anything to follow up on for HGF/June Pride/Juneteenth
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Fri, 28 May 2021 16:09:22 GMT):<br/>
--- Start of DCI meeting ---
Today's Agenda - https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2021-05-28+Meeting+Notes
-----
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Fri, 28 May 2021 16:15:35 GMT):<br/>
Review of Juneteenth - call for content - https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdDMkATs7UPEtXrPJsCQQenTrgXbMLIRGfQU3EJi9ynBjMvmQ/viewform
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Thu, 24 Jun 2021 23:29:00 GMT):<br/>
Hello I hope everyone is having a good week. Please let me know if there are any agenda items folks would like to add to tomorrows call.
</p>
<p><strong>bbehlendorf</strong> (Fri, 25 Jun 2021 16:09:26 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>grace.hartley</strong> (Wed, 30 Jun 2021 14:09:38 GMT):<br/>
I thought I'd share this here. Interesting food for thought around inclusive language. https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/inclusive-language?toc-variant-b=
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Thu, 08 Jul 2021 22:29:05 GMT):<br/>
Thanks for sharing @grace.hartley. I've personally passed along the Harvard IAT with folks in my network and because its been a great tool for understanding my own blindspots but I'm curious to learn more about how and if the tool is being used in the Enterprise space and what impact has been noticed to date.
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Fri, 09 Jul 2021 00:50:48 GMT):<br/>
Women in Blockchain is currently undergoing v 1.0.0 of data on women leaders in the space (open to anyone who identifies as a woman). Here's the link to participate https://lnkd.in/e4VQae3.
</p>
<p><strong>grace.hartley</strong> (Fri, 09 Jul 2021 14:30:39 GMT):<br/>
Hey all - I won't be able to attend today's working group meeting. Will look at the notes.
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Fri, 23 Jul 2021 13:54:03 GMT):<br/>
Good morning and Happy Friday all! I hope everyone is having a good week. Given that there are no time sensitive agenda items or topics today, I've moved our meeting to next Friday where we will have another special guest and some updates on the Co-Chair position. If there are updates you would like to share, please don't hesitate to do so in the chat and/or DCI email list.
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Fri, 23 Jul 2021 14:51:40 GMT):<br/>
I'd like to also bump up the email @KOttoni recently sent about the survey on Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion in open source LF launched in partnership with AWS, CHAOSS, Comcast, Fujitsu, GitHub, GitLab, Hitachi, Huawei, Intel, NEC, Panasonic, Renesas, Panasonic, Red Hat, and VMware. I took it in under 15mins. 
https://www.research.net/r/PZCK6NF?utm_content=173233166&utm_medium=social&utm_source=linkedin&hss_channel=lcp-208777
</p>
<p><strong>lnuon</strong> (Thu, 29 Jul 2021 18:58:36 GMT):<br/>
Good Morning everyone. Putting out the call for agenda items, if you have anything you'd like to discuss please LMK.
</p>
<p><strong>kaushambi</strong> (Fri, 20 Aug 2021 08:58:16 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>peter_somogyvari</strong> (Fri, 21 Jan 2022 16:49:11 GMT):<br/>
Hi All, I've put up a meeting agenda here for today's meeting: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=62236455
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Mon, 24 Jan 2022 16:38:34 GMT):<br/>
hi, #dci-wg : I saw in your agenda that you discussed whether the [Inclusive Naming Proposal](https://github.com/hyperledger/tsc/issues/19) was ready for TSC review. Should I add this as a discussion item for this week's TSC meeting?
</p>
<p><strong>sbohanlf</strong> (Tue, 25 Jan 2022 15:19:20 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>peter_somogyvari</strong> (Tue, 01 Feb 2022 18:39:06 GMT):<br/>
@tkuhrt Sorry for the slow response! From my perspective it is now ready with the updated DCI Lint documentation links that I changed a couple of weeks back. 

What do you think @lnuon @grace.hartley #dci-wg ?
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Tue, 01 Feb 2022 18:40:02 GMT):<br/>
Happy to add it to this week's TSC agenda if you are all ready.
</p>
<p><strong>grace.hartley</strong> (Tue, 08 Feb 2022 14:51:31 GMT):<br/>
sounds good to me
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Tue, 08 Feb 2022 15:13:11 GMT):<br/>
I will leave this for next week's agenda
</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 23 Mar 2022 17:35:14 GMT):<br/>

</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 23 Mar 2022 17:35:14 GMT):<br/>

</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 23 Mar 2022 17:35:14 GMT):<br/>

</p>
