{"msg":"Diversity, Civility, and Inclusion Working Group","username":"dhuseby","ts":"2019-07-19T00:29:49.600Z","type":"room_changed_topic"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-07-19T16:28:11.428Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"*All Are Welcome* in this channel!","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-07-19T16:28:11.622Z"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"davidwboswell","ts":"2019-07-19T16:50:32.198Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-23T23:12:03.293Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"Yay, I figured it out ...","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-23T23:12:03.410Z"}
{"msg":"Yay, I figured it out!","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-23T23:12:03.410Z"}
{"msg":"< Karsten Wade","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-23T23:12:22.924Z"}
{"msg":"I'm going to take a shot at starting a thread in here (haven't used RocketChat before) -- Defining DCI","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T00:04:35.432Z"}
{"msg":"1st, I think it makes sense that we have a consensus on what terms used to describe the WG mean, at least to us in this context.","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T00:05:34.044Z"}
{"msg":"Damn, this isn't really about defining ... maybe I need to retitle :)","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T00:06:15.546Z"}
{"msg":"I do think people will ask this of us.","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T00:06:46.403Z"}
{"msg":"And to honest I don't think 'diversity' and 'inclusion' are difficult to define -- they are objective, binary conditions. If we are looking at e.g. gender diversity, there either is or is not a diverse representation.","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T00:08:03.738Z"}
{"msg":"Maybe 'inclusion' is potentially subjective, but when paired with 'diversity', it's clear the meaning is something inclusive or exclusive of the diversities focused on. Something like that?","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T00:09:07.536Z"}
{"msg":"I don't have 'civility' so clear in my mind, in that I think it's most often a very subjectively-tuned point of disagreement. Your joke is my poke is their yoke.","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T00:10:42.268Z"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"swetha","ts":"2019-07-24T16:56:32.363Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"Agenda for today:\n\nCongrats to team\nBlog post\nCreate first initiatives\nAssign actions","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-07-24T17:06:09.810Z"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"Silona","ts":"2019-07-24T17:06:20.261Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2019-07-24T17:06:28.155Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"VipinB","ts":"2019-07-24T17:06:41.728Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"....Glad to be here!","username":"VipinB","ts":"2019-07-24T17:06:42.373Z"}
{"msg":"https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2019-07-24+Meeting+notes","username":"Silona","ts":"2019-07-24T17:07:39.591Z"}
{"msg":"https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Diversity%2C+Civility%2C+and+Inclusion+WG+Home","username":"Silona","ts":"2019-07-24T17:07:50.039Z"}
{"msg":"https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Diversity%2C+Civility%2C+and+Inclusion+WG+Home","username":"Silona","ts":"2019-07-24T17:07:50.039Z"}
{"msg":"https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/HYP/Diversity+Civility+and+Inclusion+Working+Group","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2019-07-24T17:11:55.325Z"}
{"msg":"https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/HYP/Diversity+Civility+and+Inclusion+Working+Group","username":"Silona","ts":"2019-07-24T17:11:58.660Z"}
{"msg":"I have the survey monkey account and if you have lastpass I can share access","username":"Silona","ts":"2019-07-24T17:15:49.197Z"}
{"msg":"So any HL employee can do it","username":"Silona","ts":"2019-07-24T17:16:11.105Z"}
{"msg":"https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/tsc/message/1860?p=,,,20,0,0,0::Created,,developer+survey,20,2,0,28432163","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2019-07-24T17:17:10.248Z"}
{"msg":"OK, I'm in, here & here","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T17:17:11.446Z"}
{"msg":"Initial questions to start from for the survey: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Questions","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2019-07-24T17:21:07.396Z"}
{"msg":"Do we need a small group of us to interact with the CHAOSS DCI working group? I'm not sure I know enough yet to know if we can get processes or tools from them.","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T17:22:19.176Z"}
{"msg":"if yes, I'd like to join that effort.","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T17:22:37.019Z"}
{"msg":"https://chaoss.community","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2019-07-24T17:26:05.455Z"}
{"msg":"there is a regular Monday meeting with the CHAOSS DCI group I've been on.","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T17:26:08.241Z"}
{"msg":"with Ry, yeah?","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T17:26:18.539Z"}
{"msg":"not able to sorry","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T17:29:43.564Z"}
{"msg":"I can come back with that info though","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T17:29:50.907Z"}
{"msg":"mail list sounds good, thanks","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T17:30:05.975Z"}
{"msg":"yes Ry is also in Chaoss but is on vacation today","username":"Silona","ts":"2019-07-24T17:30:17.264Z"}
{"msg":"yeah Ry is the one who groks best","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T17:31:09.054Z"}
{"msg":"link to mail list is on the wiki","username":"Silona","ts":"2019-07-24T17:31:10.850Z"}
{"msg":"https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/dci-wg","username":"Silona","ts":"2019-07-24T17:31:26.612Z"}
{"msg":"https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/dci-wg","username":"Silona","ts":"2019-07-24T17:31:26.612Z"}
{"msg":"","username":"Silona","ts":"2019-07-24T17:32:02.516Z","attachments":[{"url":null,"remote":true,"fileId":null,"fileName":null}],"type":"message_pinned"}
{"msg":"","username":"Silona","ts":"2019-07-24T17:32:12.648Z","attachments":[{"url":null,"remote":true,"fileId":null,"fileName":null}],"type":"message_pinned"}
{"msg":"I'm +1 on doing minutes when I can be more present from the start","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T17:33:26.240Z"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"KellyCooper","ts":"2019-07-24T17:34:50.034Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"I can take the DCI definition thing to the mailing list too","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T17:36:57.957Z"}
{"msg":"I think Mark is there yes","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T17:42:38.231Z"}
{"msg":"not I though","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T17:42:40.400Z"}
{"msg":"I'll get ahead of the curve for the next f2f opportunity","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T17:43:14.765Z"}
{"msg":"talk to you all later","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-07-24T17:44:44.012Z"}
{"msg":"https://news.cornell.edu/stories/2019/07/study-addresses-low-female-participation-stem-classrooms","username":"VipinB","ts":"2019-07-29T16:08:19.576Z"}
{"msg":"@quaid we absolutely should be working with CHAOSS DCI group and they are very willing to work with us","username":"rjones","ts":"2019-07-30T00:43:16.488Z"}
{"msg":"@quaid I have been pushing for us to join them in the development of metrics, etc, for a while","username":"rjones","ts":"2019-07-30T00:43:44.365Z"}
{"msg":"Maybe add chaoss update to the agenda for the next meeting?","username":"Silona","ts":"2019-07-30T03:20:12.168Z"}
{"msg":"https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2019+08+07","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-08-07T17:07:14.925Z"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2019-08-07T17:07:32.906Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Questions","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2019-08-07T17:08:42.034Z"}
{"msg":"Is my typing too loud on the mic?","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-08-07T17:22:36.905Z"}
{"msg":"there's a little feedback on the voice ","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-08-07T17:22:51.139Z"}
{"msg":"the typing itself isn't an issue","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-08-07T17:22:57.619Z"}
{"msg":"ok thx; I don't have a working headset today","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-08-07T17:23:18.826Z"}
{"msg":"@tkuhrt let me know when you have a link to the Accenture questionnaire","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-08-07T17:37:20.564Z"}
{"msg":"+1 about encouraging non-coders to TSC","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-08-07T17:42:03.323Z"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"mwagner","ts":"2019-08-07T17:44:22.922Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"@swetha I'll review the blog post a bit later today","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-08-07T17:56:32.432Z"}
{"msg":"a minute over ? do we get time and a half ?","username":"mwagner","ts":"2019-08-07T18:01:46.023Z"}
{"msg":"yes. take your hourly DCI-WG salary and multiply it by 3/120 :)","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-08-07T18:03:08.208Z"}
{"msg":"Great discussion today. Really pleased that we have so much engagement that we couldn't cover everything. That's a good problem to have.","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-08-07T18:03:48.482Z"}
{"msg":"Hello people, we would like to implement the chaoss metrics for the IDWG, could one of you chaoss experts present for 5 minutes about this our call this wednesday at noon EDT (4 pm UTC) on the hyperledger.zoom channel? ","username":"VipinB","ts":"2019-08-18T16:21:29.982Z"}
{"msg":"We would like to implement the chaoss metrics for the IDWG, could one of you chaoss experts present for 5 minutes about this on our call this wednesday at noon EDT (4 pm UTC) on the hyperledger.zoom channel? ","username":"VipinB","ts":"2019-08-18T16:21:29.982Z"}
{"msg":"link Tracy emailed for survey discussion: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/DCI+Survey","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-08-21T17:16:58.639Z"}
{"msg":"like Tracy emailed for survey discussion: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/DCI+Survey","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-08-21T17:16:58.639Z"}
{"msg":"draft blog post https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Blog%3A+Hyperledger%27s+Diversity%2C+Civility%2C+and+Inclusion+Working+Group","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-08-21T17:42:05.349Z"}
{"msg":"Has left the channel.","username":"rjones","ts":"2019-08-21T17:42:33.800Z","type":"ul"}
{"msg":"is it too late to provide feedback on the survey ?  I cant seem to find a mail thread for it","username":"mwagner","ts":"2019-08-27T19:30:22.599Z"}
{"msg":"found the email thread, I guess I am signed up with my home email addr","username":"mwagner","ts":"2019-08-27T20:00:12.195Z"}
{"msg":"good reminder for us all to get some work in on that survey. if we feel like we are around 80% complete we discussed pointing the TSC to it this coming thursday. That keeps us in line with our target dates.","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-08-27T21:21:05.377Z"}
{"msg":"Please take a look at the latest survey questions: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/DCI+Survey","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2019-09-02T20:48:21.376Z"}
{"msg":"Looks good to me. Thanks for the new draft.","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-09-03T11:14:35.892Z"}
{"msg":"I wonder about 'regional' diversity since we're an international group and many do not participate in person? The rest seems clear.","username":"KellyCooper","ts":"2019-09-03T15:59:04.574Z"}
{"msg":"I will attend Wednesday's meeting due to a schedule conflict. I am available to draft or edit group materials. Thanks, Kelly","username":"KellyCooper","ts":"2019-09-03T18:24:00.453Z"}
{"msg":"@KellyCooper : I originally had cultural diversity, but I am not sure that is what we want either. I am looking to see if we are too heavily focused on a single region (e.g., the US or North America) to see if that is hurting our overall diversity (not just gender diversity)","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2019-09-03T18:32:17.546Z"}
{"msg":"@tkuhrt Could be there's a couple of words added to clarify. The idea works, a bit more clarity on why/what may improve data. Maybe regional (geographic representation) diversity....","username":"KellyCooper","ts":"2019-09-03T18:34:10.612Z"}
{"msg":"@Dan et.al : I will be unable to make our working group call tomorrow","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2019-09-04T00:42:38.994Z"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"Starseven","ts":"2019-09-04T18:12:05.284Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"Some of the meeting schedules are difficult for people from different time zones like East Asia..The DCI WG meeting as per Japanese Standard time starts at 2:30am which I think is difficult to attend..same is the challenge for ANZ and APAC countries..It shall be great if we can review potential solution for that to begin with Time Zone Diversity.. ","username":"Starseven","ts":"2019-09-04T18:12:06.407Z"}
{"msg":"Will it be possible to quantify the participation from different geographies and promote where there are large opportunities of inclusion..I think this might also boost a diversity in perspective on Hyperledger and eventually a higher level of awareness..","username":"Starseven","ts":"2019-09-04T18:14:12.533Z"}
{"msg":"@Starseven -- thanks for bringing up the issue of geographic diversity.  i agree this is important and there is much to do here.  for instance, i'd like to see us map the distribution of time zones attending all of the community calls in a given week and see how evenly distributed participation was.  i suspect that there will be areas where few people are calling in from.  we could then make recommendations about how to be more inclusion in those time zones, such as rotating meeting times, and then measure if those recommendations are helping or not.","username":"davidwboswell","ts":"2019-09-04T19:35:23.582Z"}
{"msg":"And also making more use of asynchronous collaboration over email, wiki, and chat; minimizing meetings wherever possible.","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-09-05T15:02:23.986Z"}
{"msg":"I will be unable to attend today’s meeting ","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2019-10-02T16:17:21.896Z"}
{"msg":"At grace hopper, so might stay mostly on mute. Couldn't find a quiet spot :(","username":"swetha","ts":"2019-10-02T17:01:52.127Z"}
{"msg":"OMG I finally have chat again. ","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-10-02T17:18:30.909Z"}
{"msg":"(Haven't been able to get rocket chat working via browser since early August, and just discovered I wasn't on the mailing list, so I have a bit to catch up with.)","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-10-02T17:19:52.897Z"}
{"msg":"https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/DCI+Survey","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-10-02T17:21:24.525Z"}
{"msg":"On GF slides/posters/displays - I am gathering demographics (example - https://www.wired.com/story/five-years-tech-diversity-reports-little-progress/) and images. Let's talk about ideas for action items for groups, sigs, projects. Side note: when I search for images with 'programmer' as my keyword there are many young women, Black, and LatinX in the photos, although data convey a much different story. ","username":"KellyCooper","ts":"2019-10-05T16:40:44.449Z"}
{"msg":"If anyone is available, the DCI call is starting.","username":"davidwboswell","ts":"2019-10-16T17:04:07.218Z"}
{"msg":"Agenda and dial-in is at: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2019+10+16","username":"davidwboswell","ts":"2019-10-16T17:04:19.903Z"}
{"msg":"I was messing with the Meeting notes page to adopt into each minutes the label that makes Silona's page design automagic stuff. I only changed the recent minutes to make the Action Items into [Tasks] to be picked up on the meeting notes page.","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-10-16T19:34:04.492Z"}
{"msg":"I don't know for sure the status of other tasks, so I kept to just the meeting I'd attended and know status of. ","username":"quaid","ts":"2019-10-16T19:35:05.965Z"}
{"msg":"discussing HLGF now... link from Celia:\nhttps://events19.linuxfoundation.org/events/hyperledger-global-forum-2020/attend/diversity-inclusion/","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-10-30T17:07:59.853Z"}
{"msg":"https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Meeting+notes","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-10-30T17:19:49.694Z"}
{"msg":"Looking at survey tool options...\nSurveyMonkey is free, but only if the survey is <= 10 questions, and you can only see the first 100 responses. \nI don't mind slimming the questions back but I think we need more than 100 responses.\nhttps://www.surveymonkey.com/pricing/individual/details/","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-12-10T11:06:20.554Z"}
{"msg":"Does anyone (maybe @tkuhrt ) remember what was used for the developer survey?","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-12-10T11:07:05.850Z"}
{"msg":"Survey monkey The Linux Foundation's account","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2019-12-10T12:53:09.346Z"}
{"msg":"I believe since then Hyperledger has also gotten an account for these things. ","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2019-12-10T12:54:06.058Z"}
{"msg":"cool, thanks","username":"Dan","ts":"2019-12-10T14:04:13.575Z"}
{"msg":"I don't see DCI on today's calendar? Are we continuing with virtual meetings?","username":"KellyCooper","ts":"2019-12-11T16:52:41.971Z"}
{"msg":"@KellyCooper I think we are sticking with virutal meetings for right now","username":"swetha","ts":"2019-12-11T18:11:44.186Z"}
{"msg":"@swetha thanks","username":"KellyCooper","ts":"2019-12-11T18:13:18.694Z"}
{"msg":"Hello everyone - \nDo you know of a developer event that we would like to get some Hyperledger representation at?\n\nPlease submit it here.  The marketing committee will review them all as we go thru our budget for 2020\nThank you! - Silona","username":"Silona","ts":"2019-12-11T21:46:09.978Z"}
{"msg":"https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/Marketing/Developer+Events","username":"Silona","ts":"2019-12-11T22:01:22.719Z"}
{"msg":"Hi everyone, I've synthesized all the feedback into a final draft of the survey. \nAs suggested by I think @Silona I've put it in a google doc so that it can be copied into survey monkey using Hyperledger/LF's account.\nIn synthesizing all the drafts, I did not add any new questions which would have prompted another TSC review. Instead I focused on being concise and consistent wherever possible.\nAfter staff gets the opportunity to add these questions into survey monkey we can review the layout there.","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-01-02T11:44:18.240Z"}
{"msg":"Here's the link to the google doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OSoQIDQK7utlmIGKBmKGJasZ_J7jPOwPIIDBbSFwTno/edit?usp=sharing","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-01-02T11:44:39.810Z"}
{"msg":"My intent is that we not make more revision there but instead review what it looks like in survey monkey. From experience the choice selection and other aspects are best reviewed on the survey platform itself.","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-01-02T11:45:38.626Z"}
{"msg":"You can also send out a link to a preview from Survey Monkey. That is what I did so that people could play with the survey and see how it works.","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2020-01-06T21:15:38.254Z"}
{"msg":"Are folks around to meet live this week? (Roughly 32 hrs from now)","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-01-07T09:12:37.564Z"}
{"msg":"I am available","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2020-01-07T15:06:03.373Z"}
{"msg":"Let's plan on dialing in (in about 1.5 hrs from now). Might be just a few of us but still worthwhile.","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-01-08T16:33:04.366Z"}
{"msg":"```\nGreat.  Everyone on this list is welcome to join.  And I don't believe the invite is on the new community calendar, so here is the dial-in information people can use for the call today at 10 am pacific.\n\nDial-in by computer: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup\n\nOr dial-in by phone: +16465588656,,4034983298#\n\nThanks,\nDavid\n```","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-01-08T17:59:38.135Z"}
{"msg":"'''Great.  Everyone on this list is welcome to join.  And I don't believe the invite is on the new community calendar, so here is the dial-in information people can use for the call today at 10 am pacific.\n\nDial-in by computer: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup\n\nOr dial-in by phone: +16465588656,,4034983298#\n\nThanks,\nDavid'''","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-01-08T17:59:38.135Z"}
{"msg":"'''\nGreat.  Everyone on this list is welcome to join.  And I don't believe the invite is on the new community calendar, so here is the dial-in information people can use for the call today at 10 am pacific.\n\nDial-in by computer: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup\n\nOr dial-in by phone: +16465588656,,4034983298#\n\nThanks,\nDavid\n'''","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-01-08T17:59:38.135Z"}
{"msg":"Calling all Projects, SIG, and WG!!!  We will have a Video recording Studio setup at HGF (Hyperledger Global Forum). We are asking that all projects and groups help us create a 5 minute video about your group so that we can promote it afterward. Sign up Here! ","username":"Silona","ts":"2020-01-14T17:02:44.186Z"}
{"msg":"https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/HGF/Video+Recording+Schedule","username":"Silona","ts":"2020-01-14T17:04:05.943Z"}
{"msg":"@Silona does survey monkey give you a way to track response rate to date? I guess our best case would be the number of votes tallied for the TSC, i.e. these are the community members that probably monitor and respond to things.","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-01-27T15:15:54.128Z"}
{"msg":"https://www.surveymonkey.com/results/SM-CVCBTVTR7/?manage=true","username":"Silona","ts":"2020-01-27T15:51:12.125Z"}
{"msg":"https://www.surveymonkey.com/results/SM-CVCBTVTR7/","username":"Silona","ts":"2020-01-27T15:51:38.702Z"}
{"msg":"https://www.surveymonkey.com/results/SM-CVCBTVTR7/","username":"Silona","ts":"2020-01-27T15:51:38.702Z"}
{"msg":"cool thanks!","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-01-27T17:15:59.374Z"}
{"msg":"The Linux Foundation’s CommunityBridge engineers are working on a tool to measure the health of critical open source projects and one of the key areas identified is QA Testing.  They request that our communities provide  honest and detailed information on testing tools and methodologies you use in your projects for us to come up with a detailed analysis, which they will share with all respondents and projects. https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/9H5G2GV. It’s only 5 questions long.  ","username":"Silona","ts":"2020-01-27T22:26:02.591Z"}
{"msg":"Agenda for today:\nOngoing Working group refinements (meeting times, assignments, etc)\nCheck in on survey & outreach plan\nGlobal Forum planning","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-01-29T14:37:24.657Z"}
{"msg":"I will most likely be late for today's meeting ","username":"swetha","ts":"2020-01-29T17:44:22.889Z"}
{"msg":"Sorry all, I got too many complaints about the banner breaking editing tools on the wiki.  We have many new Space admins beyond my team and so we made the call not to do any banners until we find a new tool that doesn't break things.  Remember SAVE EARLY SAVE OFTEN (even without the banner ;-))","username":"Silona","ts":"2020-01-29T19:44:49.822Z"}
{"msg":"","username":"Silona","ts":"2020-01-30T22:19:42.763Z","attachments":[{"url":null,"remote":true,"fileId":null,"fileName":null}],"type":"message_pinned"}
{"msg":"Hi, I'm looking at agenda items for whether we meet tomorrow. Our two big topics are the survey and HGF.\nOn the survey front, there's good news and bad news.\nGood: We've more than doubled our responses \nBad: That still only amounts to 75\nI'm all ears for ideas how to improve the response rate.\nAlso anyone with a stats background that wants to take a stab at interpreting the results?\n\nOn the HGF Front I don't know if there's anything new to discuss.\nWe need a spokesperson to do a 2-3 min video clip with Silona to explain the WG.\n","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-02-04T20:44:14.631Z"}
{"msg":"Does not sound like we have enough agenda for tomorrow. Let's resume in the next scheduled meeting in 2 wks.","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-02-05T05:07:31.428Z"}
{"msg":"For our next meeting I would like to start talking about our objectives for the year.\nPlease think what you would like us to be able to say 11 months from now.\n\nAlso @tkuhrt and @swetha do you guys want to preview your HGF talk with the team at the next meeting? That might also spur some thoughts for the planning discussion. \n\nFinally, please continue to promote the survey with your teams. I'm concerned that we won't hit a useable number of responses.","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-02-05T14:28:05.560Z"}
{"msg":"Hi we are about 1 week out from our next meeting. To make these meetings useful we all need to do a little pre-work.\nfor this next meeting please think about our HGF plans (As above @tkuhrt & @swetha  let us know about previewing your session) and then lets talk about our objectives for the rest of the year.","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-02-11T16:16:34.922Z"}
{"msg":"https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2020+02+19","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-02-11T16:16:49.005Z"}
{"msg":"Also we have very limited results on the survey so we should talk about how we manage that. (currently at 86)","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-02-11T17:35:00.529Z"}
{"msg":"@Dan sorry for the delayed response. @tkuhrt and I will preview our session at the next agenda. We will need about 10-15 min","username":"swetha","ts":"2020-02-13T05:33:48.239Z"}
{"msg":"cool thanks :)","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-02-13T13:48:29.024Z"}
{"msg":"Howdy Contributors and Maintainers!  Are you wondering about tapping into Developer marketing for your group or project?  Do you have a blog post idea?  An awesome announcement? Please attend our Contributor/marketing meeting!  https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/Marketing/2020-02-19+Meeting+notes","username":"Silona","ts":"2020-02-13T18:23:38.585Z"}
{"msg":"Are you wondering about tapping into Developer marketing for your group or project?  Do you have a blog post idea?  An awesome announcement? Please attend TOMORROW!  https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/Marketing/2020-02-19+Meeting+notes","username":"Silona","ts":"2020-02-17T22:18:02.766Z"}
{"msg":"Meeting in 1 hr: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2020+02+19","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-02-19T16:58:55.786Z"}
{"msg":"@alissa.worley You should probably have Leila Yosef join this chat. ","username":"Silona","ts":"2020-02-25T16:27:46.444Z"}
{"msg":"Everyone is welcome ;)\nLeila just needs to create an LFID and then log in with that and join the channel.","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-02-26T14:14:45.802Z"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"jljordan_bcgov","ts":"2020-05-11T23:28:27.668Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"DCI meeting on now","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-05-20T16:04:40.084Z"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"LuisOcegueda","ts":"2020-06-09T14:30:18.747Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"Half hour out from our first guest speaker. Looking forward to 'seeing' everyone on the call.\nhttps://wiki.hyperledger.org/x/kw7cAQ","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-06-10T16:33:47.799Z"}
{"msg":"https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.backup","username":"Dan","ts":"2020-06-10T16:33:57.371Z"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"raduke","ts":"2020-07-22T16:10:41.786Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"peter_somogyvari","ts":"2020-12-08T17:49:06.873Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"lnuon","ts":"2020-12-08T18:10:26.975Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"Welcome Peter!","username":"lnuon","ts":"2020-12-08T21:18:20.527Z"}
{"msg":"Hi All, since we didn't have time to get to the proposed motions for the TSC during our last call I would like to attempt to agree on these as a group offline. Reason being, the upcoming TSC meeting is the last one of the year and it would be great to head into 2021 with our focus on setting these in motion. For easy reference you can find the motions for review just under the GB section https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Turning+Recommendations+into+Proposed+Motions+for+the+GB+and+TSC","username":"lnuon","ts":"2020-12-08T21:22:55.640Z"}
{"msg":"Feel free to comment here or directly on the Wiki as you prefer","username":"lnuon","ts":"2020-12-08T21:23:25.528Z"}
{"msg":"@lnuon -- i agree that it is a good thing for the group to collaborate more in offline ways vs needing to do everything in a call.  and thanks for posting here -- it would also be good to get more discussions going on chat.  the last post in this channel is back in june.  since this channel hasn't been very active though people may not be paying attention.  i'd suggest posting on the list too about trying to finalize the TSC motions to see if we get responses there too.","username":"davidwboswell","ts":"2020-12-08T21:26:32.808Z"}
{"msg":"Will do! Great suggestion. Thx.","username":"lnuon","ts":"2020-12-08T22:16:28.008Z"}
{"msg":"@davidwboswell Off-topic, maybe interesting fact: \nI was about to post here this morning when I decided that to optimize for message reach and  compared the number of members here to the members on the dci-wg mailing list. I ended up going with the mailing list because it has significantly more members than the channel here (and I didn't have a specific preference over IM or email)","username":"peter_somogyvari","ts":"2020-12-08T22:22:21.054Z"}
{"msg":"@peter_somogyvari -- i feel like this is one thing we could do better in the community.  you made the right call about where to post, but for someone new to the community they could easily post to channels that aren't active and then never hear back from anyone.  a community with lots of inactive channels and contribution paths isn't super inclusive so we could do more to prune things, IMO.","username":"davidwboswell","ts":"2020-12-08T22:25:14.834Z"}
{"msg":"Just an idea, maybe there could be a synchronization feature where bots cross-post on both communication platforms (email, RocketChat) so that at any point in time both have the union of all messages posted on either one of them.\nIt would also have the benefit of not having to double post when you really want to make sure that everyone gets the message (I always double post our weekly meeting agenda document link).\nDownside (I guess) is that people subscribed to both with notifications enabled would get everything twice, but that would be an easy adjustment for them to mute either the emails or RocketChat depending on what their preferred interface is.\nI have zero experience with setting up anything like this for RocketChat but have seen these kind of messaging integrations a lot on other places like Slack, Telegram, Discord, etc.","username":"peter_somogyvari","ts":"2020-12-08T22:28:55.156Z"}
{"msg":"Just an idea, maybe there could be a synchronization feature where bots cross-post on both communication platforms (email, RocketChat) so that at any point in time both have the union of all messages posted on either one of them.\nIt would also have the benefit of not having to double post when you really want to make sure that everyone gets the message (I always double post our weekly meeting agenda document link).\nDownside (I guess) is that people subscribed to both with notifications enabled would get everything twice, but that would be an easy adjustment for them to mute either the emails or RocketChat depending on what their preferred interface is.\nI have zero experience with setting up anything like this for RocketChat but have seen these kind of messaging integrations a lot on other places like Slack, Telegram, Discord, etc. @davidwboswell","username":"peter_somogyvari","ts":"2020-12-08T22:28:55.156Z"}
{"msg":"I'd def. find it useful. Since we're on the topic another pesky tool related thing I've had on my list to look into is the cal. functionality. @KOttoni covered a few different ways I could pull meetings into my cal. but I don't recall if any of them kept your personal cal. up to date when changes were made to event.","username":"lnuon","ts":"2020-12-08T22:33:19.759Z"}
{"msg":"yes, the calendar issue isn't as straight forward as it could be","username":"davidwboswell","ts":"2020-12-08T23:49:07.232Z"}
{"msg":"and cross posting across chat and list could work, although as peter points out that could just double communication for people on both.  my 2 cents would be having a way to indicate when channels are inactive -- not get rid of them but make it clear to people that they may not get a response if they use it.","username":"davidwboswell","ts":"2020-12-08T23:50:06.492Z"}
{"msg":"Sharing some of the links shared on DCI Zoom meeting Jan 22th\nRecent Blog Post:\nhttps://www.hyperledger.org/blog/2021/01/14/removing-barriers-to-contribution-with-regional-community-chapters\nProposed Motions to GB- \nhttps://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Turning+Recommendations+into+Proposed+Motions+for+the+GB+and+TSC\n Inclusive Naming Initiative:\nhttps://lists.hyperledger.org/g/dci-wg/message/252?p=,,,20,0,0,0::Created,,inclusive,20,2,0,78367835\nDCI GB Recommendations:\nhttps://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/DCI-WG+Recommendations+To+The+TSC+2020\n\nIn aligning with other international initiatives and orgs some links shared (see agenda list):\nhttp://www.code2040.org/","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2021-01-22T17:47:19.768Z"}
{"msg":"Sharing some of the links shared on DCI Zoom meeting Jan 22th\nRecent Blog Post:\nhttps://www.hyperledger.org/blog/2021/01/14/removing-barriers-to-contribution-with-regional-community-chapters\nProposed Motions to GB- \nhttps://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Turning+Recommendations+into+Proposed+Motions+for+the+GB+and+TSC\n Inclusive Naming Initiative:\nhttps://lists.hyperledger.org/g/dci-wg/message/252?p=,,,20,0,0,0::Created,,inclusive,20,2,0,78367835\nDCI GB Recommendations:\nhttps://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/DCI-WG+Recommendations+To+The+TSC+2020\n\nIn aligning with other international initiatives and orgs some links shared (see agenda list):\nhttps://www.un.org/en/sections/observances/international-days/)\nhttp://www.code2040.org/\nhttps://training.linuxfoundation.org/announcements/blacks-in-technology-and-the-linux-foundation-partner-to-offer-up-to-100000-in-training-certification-to-deserving-individuals/","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2021-01-22T17:47:19.768Z"}
{"msg":"Sharing some of the links shared on DCI Zoom meeting Jan 22th\nRecent Blog Post:\nhttps://www.hyperledger.org/blog/2021/01/14/removing-barriers-to-contribution-with-regional-community-chapters\nProposed Motions to GB- \nhttps://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/Turning+Recommendations+into+Proposed+Motions+for+the+GB+and+TSC\n Inclusive Naming Initiative:\nhttps://lists.hyperledger.org/g/dci-wg/message/252?p=,,,20,0,0,0::Created,,inclusive,20,2,0,78367835\nDCI GB Recommendations:\nhttps://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/DCI-WG+Recommendations+To+The+TSC+2020\n\nIn aligning with other international initiatives and orgs some links shared (see agenda list):\nhttps://www.un.org/en/sections/observances/international-days/)\nhttp://www.code2040.org/\nhttps://training.linuxfoundation.org/announcements/blacks-in-technology-and-the-linux-foundation-partner-to-offer-up-to-100000-in-training-certification-to-deserving-individuals/\n\nOther DCI initiatives at the Linux Foundation - https://chaoss.community/about/ - DCI WG https://github.com/chaoss/wg-diversity-inclusion","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2021-01-22T17:47:19.768Z"}
{"msg":"Meeting notes here: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2021-01-22+Meeting+notes","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2021-01-22T17:48:42.340Z"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"grace.hartley","ts":"2021-01-22T17:54:20.840Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"is there a meeting coming up today?","username":"Dan","ts":"2021-02-03T16:46:54.086Z"}
{"msg":"@Dan sorry- the meeting was moved to Friday's it is going on right now","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2021-02-05T17:21:04.915Z"}
{"msg":"Join Zoom Meeting\nhttps://zoom.us/j/6223336701?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09\nMeeting ID: 622 333 6701\nPasscode: 475869","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2021-02-05T17:21:37.349Z"}
{"msg":"https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2021-02-05+Meeting+notes","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2021-02-05T17:23:06.641Z"}
{"msg":"Discussed - Removing Barriers to Contribution Blog -  https://www.hyperledger.org/blog/2021/01/26/removing-barriers-to-contribution-with-inclusive-language great to see amplification from Accenture's CTO  - https://twitter.com/pauldaugh/status/1357130356248502276?s=20","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2021-02-05T17:27:33.220Z"}
{"msg":"--- Feb 19th --- DCI Meeting \nAgenda and Meeting Notes\nhttps://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2021-02-19+Meeting+notes","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2021-02-19T17:11:00.988Z"}
{"msg":"https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/~shemnon/Project+Badging+Proposal","username":"grace.hartley","ts":"2021-02-19T17:14:11.304Z"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"KOttoni","ts":"2021-02-19T17:38:00.738Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2021+Strategic+Priorities","username":"KOttoni","ts":"2021-02-19T17:38:02.163Z"}
{"msg":"Here's the Eventbright link to the National Policy Briefing we spoke about on Friday - https://bit.ly/3rYqTWo","username":"lnuon","ts":"2021-02-23T00:30:04.293Z"}
{"msg":"I hope everyone had a good weekend.","username":"lnuon","ts":"2021-02-23T00:30:10.250Z"}
{"msg":"Good morning or good afternoon everyone. Friendly reminder that the DCI WG meeting will be starting shortly. \nhttps://zoom.us/j/6223336701?pwd=dkJKdHRlc3dNZEdKR1JYdW40R2pDUT09\nMeeting ID: 622 333 6701\nPasscode: 475869","username":"lnuon","ts":"2021-03-05T16:25:20.052Z"}
{"msg":"I just came across this - an initiative out of the Frankfurt School Blockchain Center to mentor diverse talent in DLT https://my.dlt-talents.com/ -- perhaps an initiative to engage with? @lnuon","username":"KOttoni","ts":"2021-03-11T14:01:34.031Z"}
{"msg":"Is there a call today? I don't see it on the calendar but I've been known to misread it... :-)","username":"peter_somogyvari","ts":"2021-03-12T17:35:49.139Z"}
{"msg":"I'm sorry @peter_somogyvari  I didn't see this, our next call is this Friday the 19th and then we're biweekly from there. Hope to catch you then!","username":"KOttoni","ts":"2021-03-17T02:49:41.261Z"}
{"msg":"No worries at all Karen, thanks for confirming!","username":"peter_somogyvari","ts":"2021-03-17T02:50:09.326Z"}
{"msg":"Hey all - I have a conflict today and won't be able to join our Working Group meeting. Will read the meeting minutes afterwards. We're still waiting for INI approval of dci-lint tool to then be able to shrae the inclusive naming proposal with the TSC.","username":"grace.hartley","ts":"2021-04-02T15:27:25.995Z"}
{"msg":"I won't be able to make todays meeting everyone. I am extremely under the weather. I will submit an outline of my notes on the Wiki that @KOttoni put together and refer to the notes.","username":"lnuon","ts":"2021-04-02T15:48:40.154Z"}
{"msg":"----April 2 DCI Call---","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2021-04-02T16:13:02.366Z"}
{"msg":"Reviewing DCI goals for HGF - https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/dci-wg/topic/81583414#326","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2021-04-02T16:21:35.943Z"}
{"msg":"Please reply to that thread with additional idea and thoughts!","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2021-04-02T16:22:01.465Z"}
{"msg":"Meeting Agenda and notes---\nhttps://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2021-04-02+Meeting+notes","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2021-04-02T16:28:29.226Z"}
{"msg":"thanks for the update!","username":"KOttoni","ts":"2021-04-02T16:35:30.850Z"}
{"msg":"Shared when discussing Linux Foundation -Diversity at Events statement-   https://linuxfoundation.org/en/diversity-and-inclusion-at-our-events/","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2021-04-02T16:46:48.759Z"}
{"msg":"Hey All - I won't be able to make the meeting today. I will read the notes afterwards. Thanks!","username":"grace.hartley","ts":"2021-04-30T15:04:13.712Z"}
{"msg":"I added a section to the Developer Guide Outline Draft regarding the fair processing of pull requests. It ended up being a little longer/wordier than I thought it would be so I'm definitely open to ideas on how it could be compressed a bit. :-)","username":"peter_somogyvari","ts":"2021-05-17T21:48:20.282Z"}
{"msg":"I added a section to the Developer Guide Outline Draft regarding the fair processing of pull requests. It ended up being a little longer/wordier than I thought it would be so I'm definitely open to ideas on how it could be compressed a bit. :-)\nhttps://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=50136252","username":"peter_somogyvari","ts":"2021-05-17T21:48:20.282Z"}
{"msg":"Thanks for kicking this off @peter_somogyvari. At first glance it looks solid, having more to work with is much better than not enough. @grace.hartley and I will review and provide feedback.","username":"lnuon","ts":"2021-05-19T13:07:35.720Z"}
{"msg":"Thanks for kicking off the doc, @peter_somogyvari. I don't think it's too lengthy. I appreciated the examples. I'm not sure if we want to add to this doc or not but I also added in a brief section around facilitating chat channels in an inclusive manner too.","username":"grace.hartley","ts":"2021-05-27T16:02:53.423Z"}
{"msg":"Also, FYI to the group, I'm OOO tomorrow so I won't be on the working group call. Just confirming @peter_somogyvari that we still haven't received approval from INI on the dci-lint tool? We're still pending submitting the proposal to the TSC since that it hasn't been approved yet.","username":"grace.hartley","ts":"2021-05-27T16:04:09.541Z"}
{"msg":"@grace.hartley My pleasure and thanks for adding that section, I think it's needed for sure!","username":"peter_somogyvari","ts":"2021-05-27T16:28:51.068Z"}
{"msg":"@grace.hartley Confirmed, still no approval unfortunately. \n\nIt has progressed a lot from how it was since we last spoke, but the progress also unearthed that it likely won't get merged as is and may even need a complete re-work for the configuration file to have a different format. \nIn addition to that the INI will potentially want to do some research into other similar tools as DCI Lint themselves to get better informed on their approach to this. There's a version of events where all this will happen quite fast and then the PR will get merged soon, but I would estimate that it will be a little while longer.\n\nDepending on the level of urgency to get the TSC recommendations out of the door, we could take a second stab at looking into some temporary measure to bridge the gap between the present and a future potential INI approval for the PR.\n(I still prefer to avoid maintaining the word list in the DCI Lint repo, especially after seeing how much work goes into the INI - but there are other avenues we could put a little more effort into exploring as a temporary measure)","username":"peter_somogyvari","ts":"2021-05-27T16:46:32.989Z"}
{"msg":"No worries @grace.hartley , recording and meeting notes will be posted. And I'll add discussing potential solutions in lieu of the PR approval to the agenda.","username":"lnuon","ts":"2021-05-27T21:33:55.255Z"}
{"msg":"Does anyone else have agenda items they would like to discuss?","username":"lnuon","ts":"2021-05-27T21:34:16.982Z"}
{"msg":"Hi Everyone, I won't be on the call tomorrow, but will look to the notes to see if there's anything to follow up on for HGF/June Pride/Juneteenth","username":"KOttoni","ts":"2021-05-28T02:45:35.919Z"}
{"msg":"--- Start of DCI meeting ---\nToday's Agenda - https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DCI/2021-05-28+Meeting+Notes\n-----","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2021-05-28T16:09:22.633Z"}
{"msg":"Review of Juneteenth - call for content - https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdDMkATs7UPEtXrPJsCQQenTrgXbMLIRGfQU3EJi9ynBjMvmQ/viewform","username":"Daniela_Barbosa","ts":"2021-05-28T16:15:35.439Z"}
{"msg":"Hello I hope everyone is having a good week. Please let me know if there are any agenda items folks would like to add to tomorrows call.","username":"lnuon","ts":"2021-06-24T23:29:00.566Z"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"bbehlendorf","ts":"2021-06-25T16:09:26.771Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"I thought I'd share this here. Interesting food for thought around inclusive language. https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/inclusive-language?toc-variant-b=","username":"grace.hartley","ts":"2021-06-30T14:09:38.210Z"}
{"msg":"Thanks for sharing @grace.hartley. I've personally passed along the Harvard IAT with folks in my network and because its been a great tool for understanding my own blindspots but I'm curious to learn more about how and if the tool is being used in the Enterprise space and what impact has been noticed to date.","username":"lnuon","ts":"2021-07-08T22:29:05.916Z"}
{"msg":"Women in Blockchain is currently undergoing v 1.0.0 of data on women leaders in the space (open to anyone who identifies as a woman). Here's the link to participate https://lnkd.in/e4VQae3.","username":"lnuon","ts":"2021-07-09T00:50:48.247Z"}
{"msg":"Hey all - I won't be able to attend today's working group meeting. Will look at the notes.","username":"grace.hartley","ts":"2021-07-09T14:30:39.425Z"}
{"msg":"Good morning and Happy Friday all! I hope everyone is having a good week. Given that there are no time sensitive agenda items or topics today, I've moved our meeting to next Friday where we will have another special guest and some updates on the Co-Chair position. If there are updates you would like to share, please don't hesitate to do so in the chat and/or DCI email list.","username":"lnuon","ts":"2021-07-23T13:54:03.434Z"}
{"msg":"I'd like to also bump up the email @KOttoni recently sent about the survey on Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion in open source LF launched in partnership with AWS, CHAOSS, Comcast, Fujitsu, GitHub, GitLab, Hitachi, Huawei, Intel, NEC, Panasonic, Renesas, Panasonic, Red Hat, and VMware. I took it in under 15mins. \nhttps://www.research.net/r/PZCK6NF?utm_content=173233166&utm_medium=social&utm_source=linkedin&hss_channel=lcp-208777","username":"lnuon","ts":"2021-07-23T14:51:40.886Z"}
{"msg":"Good Morning everyone. Putting out the call for agenda items, if you have anything you'd like to discuss please LMK.","username":"lnuon","ts":"2021-07-29T18:58:36.007Z"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"kaushambi","ts":"2021-08-20T08:58:16.061Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"Hi All, I've put up a meeting agenda here for today's meeting: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=62236455","username":"peter_somogyvari","ts":"2022-01-21T16:49:11.583Z"}
{"msg":"hi, #dci-wg : I saw in your agenda that you discussed whether the [Inclusive Naming Proposal](https://github.com/hyperledger/tsc/issues/19) was ready for TSC review. Should I add this as a discussion item for this week's TSC meeting?","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2022-01-24T16:38:34.648Z"}
{"msg":"Has joined the channel.","username":"sbohanlf","ts":"2022-01-25T15:19:20.110Z","type":"uj"}
{"msg":"@tkuhrt Sorry for the slow response! From my perspective it is now ready with the updated DCI Lint documentation links that I changed a couple of weeks back. \n\nWhat do you think @lnuon @grace.hartley #dci-wg ?","username":"peter_somogyvari","ts":"2022-02-01T18:39:06.732Z"}
{"msg":"Happy to add it to this week's TSC agenda if you are all ready.","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2022-02-01T18:40:02.480Z"}
{"msg":"sounds good to me","username":"grace.hartley","ts":"2022-02-08T14:51:31.121Z"}
{"msg":"I will leave this for next week's agenda","username":"tkuhrt","ts":"2022-02-08T15:13:11.220Z"}
{"msg":"","username":"rjones","ts":"2022-03-23T17:35:14.002Z","type":"room_changed_topic"}
{"msg":"","username":"rjones","ts":"2022-03-23T17:35:14.012Z","type":"room_changed_description"}
{"msg":"","username":"rjones","ts":"2022-03-23T17:35:14.016Z","type":"room_changed_announcement"}
