<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"><p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Thu, 10 Jan 2019 18:07:10 GMT):<br/>
Discuss the interoperability of Hyperledger Fabric network services
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Thu, 10 Jan 2019 18:07:10 GMT):<br/>
The primary goal of this working group is to ensure Fabric services provided by different vendors can work with each other
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Thu, 10 Jan 2019 18:09:20 GMT):<br/>
tongli
</p>
<p><strong>Kyroy</strong> (Fri, 11 Jan 2019 12:54:52 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Kyroy</strong> (Fri, 11 Jan 2019 12:55:13 GMT):<br/>
<i>User <em>User_1</em> added by <em>Kyroy</em>.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Fri, 11 Jan 2019 14:11:32 GMT):<br/>
@tkuhrt Thanks so much for your help.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Fri, 11 Jan 2019 14:11:35 GMT):<br/>
THis is great.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Fri, 11 Jan 2019 14:11:35 GMT):<br/>
This is great.
</p>
<p><strong>jmason900</strong> (Fri, 11 Jan 2019 15:28:45 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>muralisr</strong> (Fri, 11 Jan 2019 15:32:14 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>wangdong</strong> (Fri, 11 Jan 2019 22:36:58 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>albert.lacambra</strong> (Sun, 13 Jan 2019 05:55:37 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>grapebaba</strong> (Sun, 13 Jan 2019 09:40:41 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>qiang0723</strong> (Mon, 14 Jan 2019 01:42:07 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Ryan2</strong> (Mon, 14 Jan 2019 05:55:49 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>albert.lacambra</strong> (Tue, 15 Jan 2019 18:39:57 GMT):<br/>
Hi
</p>
<p><strong>albert.lacambra</strong> (Tue, 15 Jan 2019 18:40:11 GMT):<br/>
I was not able to be in the meeting last week :(
</p>
<p><strong>albert.lacambra</strong> (Tue, 15 Jan 2019 18:40:40 GMT):<br/>
can maybe someone make a resume of the telco?
</p>
<p><strong>shiyj</strong> (Wed, 16 Jan 2019 02:58:05 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>davidkhala</strong> (Wed, 16 Jan 2019 07:34:10 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>davidkhala</strong> (Wed, 16 Jan 2019 07:35:43 GMT):<br/>
Hi david here.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 16 Jan 2019 14:03:33 GMT):<br/>
@albert.lacambra I will upload the meeting recordings and have the link in the meeting minutes.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 16 Jan 2019 14:03:46 GMT):<br/>
Please check that out later today.
</p>
<p><strong>albert.lacambra</strong> (Wed, 16 Jan 2019 14:05:08 GMT):<br/>
Thanks @tongli 
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 16 Jan 2019 14:12:38 GMT):<br/>
np
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 16 Jan 2019 15:50:07 GMT):<br/>
@tkuhrt Tracy, morning, I can not seem to post to the google drive that you sent for meeting recorded. I wonder how does google authenticate me with my linux foundation id. Can you give a bit of instruction on how I can authenticate?
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 16 Jan 2019 15:50:09 GMT):<br/>
thanks.
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Wed, 16 Jan 2019 15:51:04 GMT):<br/>
Oh...let me add you as someone who can edit the folder. Can you DM your Google account email address to me so that I can add you?
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 16 Jan 2019 15:52:42 GMT):<br/>
in DM channel. Thanks @tkuhrt 
</p>
<p><strong>chenjun-bj</strong> (Thu, 17 Jan 2019 01:47:26 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>knagware9</strong> (Thu, 17 Jan 2019 05:41:13 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>wangdong</strong> (Thu, 17 Jan 2019 07:18:42 GMT):<br/>
I missed the meeting again. :sweat_smile:
</p>
<p><strong>robinrob</strong> (Fri, 18 Jan 2019 09:11:23 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Mon, 21 Jan 2019 16:11:46 GMT):<br/>
@wangdong It is every Thursday morning at 9:00am EST. It is probably very early for you, I assume it is your 6:00am, right?
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Mon, 21 Jan 2019 16:12:41 GMT):<br/>
very hard to find a time that fits everyone's schedule consider how many different locations that people will be calling from.
</p>
<p><strong>wangdong</strong> (Mon, 21 Jan 2019 23:44:47 GMT):<br/>
Yes, I know that. I miscalculate the difference. It is 10:00 PM in Beijing time.
</p>
<p><strong>wangdong</strong> (Mon, 21 Jan 2019 23:45:01 GMT):<br/>
We got a time differnce of 13 H.
</p>
<p><strong>zhangziyi_huawei.com</strong> (Tue, 22 Jan 2019 09:13:54 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>zhangziyi_huawei.com</strong> (Tue, 22 Jan 2019 09:21:16 GMT):<br/>
How can I subscribe the interoperability mail only when I joined fabric@lists.hyperledger.org  mailing list?
</p>
<p><strong>zhangziyi_huawei.com</strong> (Tue, 22 Jan 2019 09:21:57 GMT):<br/>
I can receive all mails on all topics
</p>
<p><strong>Kyroy</strong> (Tue, 22 Jan 2019 13:10:09 GMT):<br/>
@zhangziyi_huawei.com You can change the settings to one mail per day containing all news
</p>
<p><strong>ynamiki</strong> (Wed, 23 Jan 2019 06:41:29 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>richzhao</strong> (Wed, 23 Jan 2019 12:33:28 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 23 Jan 2019 22:33:24 GMT):<br/>
@all we will have our regular meeting tomorrow at 9:00am EST. Please call in. Thanks.
</p>
<p><strong>Kyroy</strong> (Thu, 24 Jan 2019 07:10:42 GMT):<br/>
We will present the new content of the proposal https://docs.google.com/document/d/19mm8WQndynKh3R6sxOhEvQOglv6h0HpYnEOq4Uzkm34/edit?usp=sharing
- Management Chaincode Workflow
- Mamangement Chaincode Interfase
- Example Bash Scripts only using fabric tools
</p>
<p><strong>Kyroy</strong> (Thu, 24 Jan 2019 07:10:42 GMT):<br/>
We will present the new content of the proposal https://docs.google.com/document/d/19mm8WQndynKh3R6sxOhEvQOglv6h0HpYnEOq4Uzkm34/edit?usp=sharing
- Management Chaincode Workflow
- Mamangement Chaincode Interface
- Example Bash Scripts only using fabric tools
</p>
<p><strong>mrjdomingus</strong> (Thu, 24 Jan 2019 10:10:34 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Pradeep_Pentakota</strong> (Sat, 26 Jan 2019 13:43:25 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>mwklein</strong> (Mon, 28 Jan 2019 02:04:35 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>david_dornseifer</strong> (Tue, 29 Jan 2019 15:39:57 GMT):<br/>
Hello everybody - we just recently updated the scenario description and proposal document to reflect all the comments from the Hyperledger Fabric Interop working group. Please review: https://docs.google.com/document/d/19mm8WQndynKh3R6sxOhEvQOglv6h0HpYnEOq4Uzkm34/edit?usp=sharing
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 30 Jan 2019 15:05:15 GMT):<br/>
@david_dornseifer Thanks.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 30 Jan 2019 15:05:35 GMT):<br/>
@tkuhrt seems the wiki2 is having some issues. here is what i see when I try to access it.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 30 Jan 2019 15:05:38 GMT):<br/>
```wiki2.hyperledger.org normally uses encryption to protect your information. When Google Chrome tried to connect to wiki2.hyperledger.org this time, the website sent back unusual and incorrect credentials. This may happen when an attacker is trying to pretend to be wiki2.hyperledger.org, or a Wi-Fi sign-in screen has interrupted the connection. Your information is still secure because Google Chrome stopped the connection before any data was exchanged.

You cannot visit wiki2.hyperledger.org right now because the website uses HSTS. Network errors and attacks are usually temporary, so this page will probably work later.```
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Wed, 30 Jan 2019 15:28:27 GMT):<br/>
@tongli : they made the switch to wiki.hyperledger.org this morning. Can you try there
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 30 Jan 2019 15:28:47 GMT):<br/>
ok. thanks.
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Wed, 30 Jan 2019 15:28:59 GMT):<br/>
Looks like they also got the redirect working too
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 30 Jan 2019 15:29:52 GMT):<br/>
hmm. I am not seeing the interop working group
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 30 Jan 2019 15:30:01 GMT):<br/>
is it still in the process of migration?
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 30 Jan 2019 15:52:33 GMT):<br/>
@david_dornseifer I will be reviewing the doc.  
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 30 Jan 2019 15:52:40 GMT):<br/>
we can talk about it tomorrow.
</p>
<p><strong>david_dornseifer</strong> (Wed, 30 Jan 2019 17:30:47 GMT):<br/>
@tongli Great :+1: you are also welcome to directly add your comments to the document :) 
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 30 Jan 2019 17:45:11 GMT):<br/>
@david_dornseifer will do that.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Thu, 31 Jan 2019 12:48:20 GMT):<br/>
@tkuhrt all working. thanks.
</p>
<p><strong>pasimoes</strong> (Sat, 02 Feb 2019 00:59:55 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>ArnabChatterjee</strong> (Wed, 06 Feb 2019 18:30:24 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>umair</strong> (Fri, 08 Feb 2019 13:13:08 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>guoger</strong> (Thu, 14 Feb 2019 14:09:29 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Thu, 14 Feb 2019 16:09:51 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Thu, 14 Feb 2019 16:10:20 GMT):<br/>
Hey @tongli  I wanted to point out that we now have gliffy on the wiki.  It may help with your diagrams
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Thu, 14 Feb 2019 16:11:08 GMT):<br/>
It allows you to have group editable diagrams
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Thu, 14 Feb 2019 16:11:23 GMT):<br/>
https://marketplace.atlassian.com/apps/254/gliffy-diagram-for-confluence
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Mon, 18 Feb 2019 21:38:15 GMT):<br/>
@Silona I am not quite sure what you mean about the above statement.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Mon, 18 Feb 2019 21:39:02 GMT):<br/>
do you mean that we can create Gliffy diagram if we use linux foundation id to log in? 
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Mon, 18 Feb 2019 21:39:28 GMT):<br/>
BTW,  I really like Gliffy
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 18 Feb 2019 22:13:08 GMT):<br/>
yes!
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 18 Feb 2019 22:13:21 GMT):<br/>
and then everyone else that has an LFID can edit it!
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 18 Feb 2019 22:14:11 GMT):<br/>
I saw some of the diagrams y'all were creating and thought... oooh they might like to know about gliffy on confluence
</p>
<p><strong>nekia</strong> (Tue, 19 Feb 2019 04:05:33 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Thu, 21 Feb 2019 18:47:29 GMT):<br/>
@tkuhrt Tracy, good afternoon.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Thu, 21 Feb 2019 18:47:54 GMT):<br/>
do you know who from fabric dev team will be in Hong Kong for the bootcamp? I will be there for cello.
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Fri, 22 Feb 2019 00:15:20 GMT):<br/>
I don't. @Silona would be the right person to ask. 

P.S. I am no longer with the Linux Foundation. You can always reach out to the community architects at #community-architects or at community-architects@hyperledger.org
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 25 Feb 2019 23:18:42 GMT):<br/>
Hey @tongli @richzhao will be leading some sessions on fabric!  and I believe Jay will be as well.  
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 25 Feb 2019 23:19:20 GMT):<br/>
If you would like to propose a session goto https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BOOTHK/Sessions and take some slots and add a Proposal
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 25 Feb 2019 23:28:54 GMT):<br/>
I think we should also do some China working group sessions too for the bootcamp
</p>
<p><strong>yushan</strong> (Thu, 28 Feb 2019 14:33:35 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>jiribroulik</strong> (Thu, 28 Feb 2019 14:33:46 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>chenjun-bj</strong> (Fri, 01 Mar 2019 02:00:49 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has left the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>david_dornseifer</strong> (Fri, 01 Mar 2019 10:24:34 GMT):<br/>
Hi everybody, as agreed on in the meeting yesterday we are about to start the interop test - please update the table if you want to provide an ordering system as well or fill in the missing information. https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/fabric/Interop+Test
</p>
<p><strong>braduf</strong> (Tue, 05 Mar 2019 00:05:11 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>muralisr</strong> (Thu, 07 Mar 2019 13:32:06 GMT):<br/>
@david_dornseifer (and others of course) @tongli  is out on conference this week. As discussed in previous call, we could meet and discuss any issues people were having with the test. Do add anyother agenda to this please https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/fabric/20190307+Meeting
</p>
<p><strong>david_dornseifer</strong> (Thu, 07 Mar 2019 14:06:46 GMT):<br/>
Hi @muralisr, we added the `proposalID` as an external requirement and updated the documents accordingly. 
</p>
<p><strong>muralisr</strong> (Thu, 07 Mar 2019 14:07:18 GMT):<br/>
thank you @david_dornseifer 
</p>
<p><strong>muralisr</strong> (Thu, 07 Mar 2019 14:07:44 GMT):<br/>
we met briefly and as there were no issues , was a short meeting
</p>
<p><strong>muralisr</strong> (Thu, 07 Mar 2019 14:07:53 GMT):<br/>
if you like we can open it up again
</p>
<p><strong>david_dornseifer</strong> (Thu, 07 Mar 2019 14:10:43 GMT):<br/>
thanks - no issues from my side
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Thu, 07 Mar 2019 22:01:16 GMT):<br/>
@david_dornseifer so the latest code fixed the proposalID issue?
</p>
<p><strong>david_dornseifer</strong> (Fri, 08 Mar 2019 06:52:36 GMT):<br/>
@tongli Yes, @Kyro uploaded the new version to the wiki https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/fabric/Management+Chaincode?preview=/5505289/6426573/management_1_3.zip
</p>
<p><strong>david_dornseifer</strong> (Fri, 08 Mar 2019 06:52:36 GMT):<br/>
@tongli Yes, @Kyroy uploaded the new version to the wiki https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/fabric/Management+Chaincode?preview=/5505289/6426573/management_1_3.zip
</p>
<p><strong>baohua</strong> (Fri, 08 Mar 2019 06:58:31 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Sun, 10 Mar 2019 03:29:48 GMT):<br/>
@david_dornseifer I will try them Monday 
</p>
<p><strong>david_dornseifer</strong> (Mon, 11 Mar 2019 08:11:58 GMT):<br/>
@tongli great :+1: 
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 13 Mar 2019 18:51:06 GMT):<br/>
@david_dornseifer u there?
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 13 Mar 2019 18:52:58 GMT):<br/>
question. I am trying to test the addSignature method. how like to know how do you produce the signature string?
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 13 Mar 2019 18:52:58 GMT):<br/>
question. I am trying to test the addSignature method. can you tell me how to produce the signature string?
</p>
<p><strong>david_dornseifer</strong> (Thu, 14 Mar 2019 07:24:16 GMT):<br/>
Hi tong, you can use any sdk to produce the signature or you use the peer cli - we have it documented in the google docs in the `Sign the Update` section: https://docs.google.com/document/d/19mm8WQndynKh3R6sxOhEvQOglv6h0HpYnEOq4Uzkm34/edit?ts=5c472463#heading=h.9yfe79c5t66q
</p>
<p><strong>david_dornseifer</strong> (Thu, 14 Mar 2019 07:24:16 GMT):<br/>
Hi tong, you can use any SDK to create the signature or you use the peer cli - we have it documented in the google docs in the `Sign the Update` section: https://docs.google.com/document/d/19mm8WQndynKh3R6sxOhEvQOglv6h0HpYnEOq4Uzkm34/edit?ts=5c472463#heading=h.9yfe79c5t66q
</p>
<p><strong>krabradosty</strong> (Thu, 14 Mar 2019 10:29:51 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>davidkhala</strong> (Tue, 19 Mar 2019 14:58:02 GMT):<br/>
Hi @Kyroy Dennis , I am sorry to find a suspicious typo page https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/fabric/Anleitungsartikel, What is this used for ?
</p>
<p><strong>Kyroy</strong> (Tue, 19 Mar 2019 15:02:21 GMT):<br/>
@davidkhala Hey, sorry for this page. I think I created it by accident :thinking_face: 
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Tue, 19 Mar 2019 21:10:38 GMT):<br/>
Remeber you can create a personal space for rough drafts etc
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Thu, 21 Mar 2019 13:01:38 GMT):<br/>
@here, meeting time guys
</p>
<p><strong>sanket1211</strong> (Wed, 27 Mar 2019 09:32:41 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 27 Mar 2019 16:19:30 GMT):<br/>
@david_dornseifer I was able to get the management dashboard running and hooking up with my fabric network, but I run into issues create new proposals.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 27 Mar 2019 16:20:08 GMT):<br/>

<br/><a href="./assets/po2oQ7vY3sJu5ywbN-Screen Shot 2019-03-27 at 12.19.52 PM.png">Screen Shot 2019-03-27 at 12.19.52 PM.png</a>
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 27 Mar 2019 16:20:25 GMT):<br/>
@david_dornseifer please see the screen shot.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 27 Mar 2019 16:46:59 GMT):<br/>
never mind. I used the wrong file.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Wed, 27 Mar 2019 16:55:57 GMT):<br/>
I was able to use the app to add a new org to the channel successfully.
</p>
<p><strong>david_dornseifer</strong> (Thu, 28 Mar 2019 08:24:53 GMT):<br/>
@tongli great :+1: 
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Thu, 28 Mar 2019 13:00:48 GMT):<br/>
https://guide.gliffy.com/user-manual/gliffy-for-confluence-plugin/1/en/topic/inserting-an-existing-diagram
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Thu, 28 Mar 2019 13:03:10 GMT):<br/>
better starting place... https://guide.gliffy.com/user-manual/gliffy-for-confluence-plugin/1/en/topic/accessing-the-gliffy-start-screen
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Thu, 28 Mar 2019 13:04:33 GMT):<br/>
please note - you are all together in the Fabric namespace so name templates accordingly :-) 
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Thu, 28 Mar 2019 13:18:12 GMT):<br/>

<br/><a href="./assets/vLxM8jLCxHJJdhWcz-Gliffy on confluence.png">Gliffy on confluence.png</a>
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Thu, 28 Mar 2019 13:20:31 GMT):<br/>

<br/><a href="./assets/Q2mdb7W3GXkDvDb8P-Confluence Child display.png">Confluence Child display.png</a>
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Thu, 28 Mar 2019 13:25:22 GMT):<br/>
also you can create a Full New page gliffy this way too... 
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Thu, 28 Mar 2019 13:25:32 GMT):<br/>

<br/><a href="./assets/ezg58SyNRkqumxWWw-New Page Confluence Gliffy.png">New Page Confluence Gliffy.png</a>
</p>
<p><strong>jeffgarratt</strong> (Fri, 29 Mar 2019 13:45:34 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>AliciaDominic</strong> (Wed, 03 Apr 2019 04:47:12 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>kenty</strong> (Wed, 03 Apr 2019 09:30:06 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Tue, 09 Apr 2019 13:57:32 GMT):<br/>
@Silona thanks so much for the instruction, I will definitely use it.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Tue, 09 Apr 2019 13:59:56 GMT):<br/>
@david_dornseifer we will have to reschedule due to fabric release tasks.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Tue, 09 Apr 2019 14:01:51 GMT):<br/>
@david_dornseifer not sure if you saw the message in the playback channel.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Tue, 09 Apr 2019 14:02:03 GMT):<br/>
These guys were busy with the releases.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Tue, 09 Apr 2019 14:02:19 GMT):<br/>
can we do Thursday 11:00am? sorry about this.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Thu, 11 Apr 2019 12:59:59 GMT):<br/>
@david_dornseifer are you guys around?
</p>
<p><strong>jadhavajay</strong> (Thu, 11 Apr 2019 18:18:13 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>muralisr</strong> (Thu, 18 Apr 2019 12:43:29 GMT):<br/>
@tongli I'm out today and may not able to join...will check later
</p>
<p><strong>bkvellanki</strong> (Thu, 18 Apr 2019 20:55:47 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>gregnotso</strong> (Tue, 23 Apr 2019 14:10:26 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>gregnotso</strong> (Tue, 23 Apr 2019 14:11:05 GMT):<br/>
is there a call today?
</p>
<p><strong>guoger</strong> (Tue, 23 Apr 2019 14:54:12 GMT):<br/>
folks, good job and great demo!
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Tue, 23 Apr 2019 14:54:42 GMT):<br/>
@david_dornseifer @Kyroy Thanks so much for your excellent work.
</p>
<p><strong>mallikarjunasai995</strong> (Tue, 23 Apr 2019 18:14:12 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>gregnotso</strong> (Tue, 23 Apr 2019 21:57:11 GMT):<br/>
any updates for this: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/fabric/Interop+Meetings ?
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 24 Apr 2019 02:09:56 GMT):<br/>
Hey devs, anything exciting going on?  please consider submitting a blog post! http://bit.ly/HLEDSubmission
</p>
<p><strong>RahulHundet</strong> (Mon, 29 Apr 2019 06:02:16 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Thu, 02 May 2019 13:01:47 GMT):<br/>
@Silona hi, yeah, we are doing a lot of good stuff.
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Thu, 02 May 2019 15:02:13 GMT):<br/>
great!
</p>
<p><strong>ymlbright</strong> (Sun, 05 May 2019 09:56:34 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 08 May 2019 04:54:30 GMT):<br/>
If you, or your company, is interested in participating in the Linux Foundation Fabric developer workshop, please complete this short Form by May 15: https://forms.gle/v4CuDnHQ9QA9pf6p8
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Thu, 09 May 2019 11:21:55 GMT):<br/>
@david_dornseifer good morning,
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Thu, 09 May 2019 11:22:06 GMT):<br/>
will you participate today's call?
</p>
<p><strong>circlespainter</strong> (Sat, 18 May 2019 07:41:50 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>ynamiki</strong> (Tue, 21 May 2019 03:42:16 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has left the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Tue, 21 May 2019 23:59:32 GMT):<br/>
We are looking for Fabric Developers and training groups to help us design the next Fabric Developer Certification on July 8-11 at the LF offices in SF.  If you have Fabric experience please apply here. ttps://forms.gle/v4CuDnHQ9QA9pf6p8
</p>
<p><strong>tatsu-sato</strong> (Fri, 14 Jun 2019 20:18:59 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>aviralwal</strong> (Fri, 21 Jun 2019 13:56:50 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>AnilSingh</strong> (Thu, 27 Jun 2019 06:32:09 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>AnilSingh</strong> (Thu, 04 Jul 2019 18:11:06 GMT):<br/>
Hi Silona ... please let me know how Can I contribute or help here being from India (not being in SF)
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 08 Jul 2019 20:41:48 GMT):<br/>
sorry the contributions are in person for the certification process.
</p>
<p><strong>AnilSingh</strong> (Tue, 09 Jul 2019 03:33:43 GMT):<br/>
No worries. Thanks for response. I have been waiting for this. Please let me how we keep getting updates on this. I do train and spread awareness for LF Hyperledger certification and active on same in Hyperledger INDIA chapter. And would like to do the same for Fabric Developers Certification.
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Tue, 09 Jul 2019 03:34:42 GMT):<br/>
Did you fill out the form to be asked to be part of the alpha and beta testers?
</p>
<p><strong>AnilSingh</strong> (Tue, 09 Jul 2019 03:38:24 GMT):<br/>
Hi Silona, I did one where we were looking folks for Fabric Developer Certification. I might have missed the one for alpha and beta testers. Could you please share the same, I would love to be part of that.
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 10 Jul 2019 01:50:05 GMT):<br/>
If you filled that one out you will be contacted
</p>
<p><strong>Randyshu2018</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 08:36:54 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Randyshu2018</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 09:53:22 GMT):<br/>

<br/><a href="./assets/XvsTStn4kPvfKQ8nx-Clipboard - July 24, 2019 5:53 PM">Clipboard - July 24, 2019 5:53 PM</a>
</p>
<p><strong>Randyshu2018</strong> (Wed, 24 Jul 2019 09:54:39 GMT):<br/>
hi,anyone know that error ?
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Fri, 26 Jul 2019 13:54:54 GMT):<br/>
@Randyshu2018 it seems to me that you clicked on the apply before you have enough of signatures?
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Fri, 26 Jul 2019 13:55:41 GMT):<br/>
how many orgs do you currently have in your network?
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Fri, 26 Jul 2019 13:55:51 GMT):<br/>
what are the policies of endorsement?
</p>
<p><strong>Randyshu2018</strong> (Fri, 26 Jul 2019 14:01:35 GMT):<br/>
In my case this issue caused by missing some key field of proto file.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Fri, 26 Jul 2019 14:01:51 GMT):<br/>
hmmm.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Fri, 26 Jul 2019 14:02:12 GMT):<br/>
from your original request json file?
</p>
<p><strong>Randyshu2018</strong> (Fri, 26 Jul 2019 14:03:58 GMT):<br/>
yes...if i missing some key field and then the management-dashboard will trigger invalid_format ...
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Fri, 26 Jul 2019 14:04:23 GMT):<br/>
ok.
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Fri, 26 Jul 2019 14:04:41 GMT):<br/>
you probably can help validate the json if you like to improve the app.
</p>
<p><strong>yushan</strong> (Thu, 08 Aug 2019 13:48:58 GMT):<br/>
@tongli and All: The draft of the CMCC interface document has been put into our wiki here: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/fabric/CMCC+Interface

Welcome everyone's review and comment! Thank you!
</p>
<p><strong>tongli</strong> (Thu, 08 Aug 2019 13:55:01 GMT):<br/>
thanks very much
</p>
<p><strong>adityasingh177</strong> (Mon, 19 Aug 2019 12:44:18 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>galaxystar</strong> (Tue, 20 Aug 2019 01:22:17 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>RuiPanNewbie</strong> (Thu, 29 Aug 2019 19:34:24 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>bandreghetti</strong> (Fri, 06 Sep 2019 14:10:01 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>swishstar</strong> (Wed, 11 Sep 2019 19:43:58 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>rameshyadav444</strong> (Wed, 09 Oct 2019 10:50:55 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>rameshyadav444</strong> (Wed, 09 Oct 2019 12:03:40 GMT):<br/>
I was trying to create a new org in balance transfer application 1.4.3 version.

Started the network, I tried to run all the REST API's as per the documentation.

After registering users on all 3 orgs, created a new channel with mychannel. Then I tried to join all the peers to all 3 orgs to mychannel.

I was able to join peers to org1 and org2 to mychannel through REST API, but when send to join peers to org3 to join mychannel it was giving below error.

curl -s -X POST http://localhost:4000/channels/mychannel/peers -H "authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJleHAiOjE1Njk0MzgzNTIsInVzZXJuYW1lIjoiUmFtZXNoIiwib3JnTmFtZSI6Ik9yZzMiLCJpYXQiOjE1Njk0MDIzNTJ9.iyMdcz7zYgR6bQHuWBQXrgYJ8U_wXsdDEZ8rOTR4Fvs" -H "content-type: application/json" -d '{"peers": ["peer0.org3.example.com","peer1.org3.example.com"]}'
[ERROR] Join-Channel - Failed to join all peers to channel. cause:Failed to join peer to the channel with error :: Error: 2 UNKNOWN: access denied: channel [] creator org [Org3MSP]
</p>
<p><strong>rameshyadav444</strong> (Wed, 09 Oct 2019 12:03:47 GMT):<br/>
Any suggestion on this error?
</p>
<p><strong>soumyanayak</strong> (Tue, 15 Oct 2019 09:18:27 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Purbaja</strong> (Tue, 15 Oct 2019 09:36:03 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>HLFPOC</strong> (Wed, 16 Oct 2019 17:26:22 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>cenkozan</strong> (Wed, 16 Oct 2019 18:58:43 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>daijianw</strong> (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 05:41:04 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Ruiz-Tapiador</strong> (Fri, 22 Nov 2019 10:45:40 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Tue, 03 Dec 2019 17:50:34 GMT):<br/>
The Hyperledger Fabric Developer (CHFD) exam is scheduled to launch in late Q1 2020 and we are now looking for Beta testers. Interested parties should complete the CHFD Beta Sign-up Form by January 15, 2020. The CHFD Beta is FREE for the first 20 who qualify and after that it will be available at the low discount of $100. 
https://training.linuxfoundation.org/certification/certified-hyperledger-fabric-developer/
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScPxgBt6GvuTcrtjYCkWqW2D6o-2YrNd4vR--KXFGUw-5Ctsw/viewform
</p>
<p><strong>tengc</strong> (Thu, 05 Dec 2019 19:47:08 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 09 Dec 2019 21:47:09 GMT):<br/>
Reminder if you haven't submitted yet the Hyperledger Fabric Developer (CHFD) exam is scheduled to launch in late Q1 2020 and we are now looking for Beta testers. Interested parties should complete the CHFD Beta Sign-up Form by January 15, 2020. 
https://training.linuxfoundation.org/certification/certified-hyperledger-fabric-developer/
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScPxgBt6GvuTcrtjYCkWqW2D6o-2YrNd4vR--KXFGUw-5Ctsw/viewform
</p>
<p><strong>brockhager</strong> (Thu, 12 Dec 2019 16:10:42 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>ashish.cppdev</strong> (Mon, 30 Dec 2019 18:03:25 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>ashish.cppdev</strong> (Mon, 30 Dec 2019 18:03:25 GMT):<br/>
Hi - I was directed here from a post from @tongli on wiki.hyperledger.org
</p>
<p><strong>ashish.cppdev</strong> (Mon, 30 Dec 2019 18:17:32 GMT):<br/>
I was wondering if there are some code samples that would help me with getting a new org to join an existing channel.
</p>
<p><strong>ashish.cppdev</strong> (Mon, 30 Dec 2019 18:19:48 GMT):<br/>
thank you
</p>
<p><strong>ashish.cppdev</strong> (Mon, 30 Dec 2019 18:20:36 GMT):<br/>
I would like to do this purely using the Fabric SDK (node) without having to use fabric command line tools
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Thu, 09 Jan 2020 20:18:14 GMT):<br/>
Last chance! The Linux Foundation worked with Hyperledger Fabric Developer subject matter expert volunteers to identify the core domains and competencies for the Certified Hyperledger Fabric Developer (CHFD) exam, scheduled to launch in March 2020.  Are you interested in participating in the Beta and receiving an early peek? The CHFD Beta is FREE for the first 100 who take the exam.  Complete the CHFD Beta Sign-up Form by January 15, 2020 for your chance.  If you pass you will be CHFD Certified! 
</p>
<p><strong>ajayjadhav</strong> (Thu, 27 Feb 2020 12:13:01 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>randyshu</strong> (Wed, 04 Mar 2020 07:04:27 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Abhishekkishor</strong> (Thu, 12 Mar 2020 19:46:26 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>gokulalex</strong> (Fri, 20 Mar 2020 05:28:28 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Milos22</strong> (Wed, 25 Mar 2020 08:58:31 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Milos22</strong> (Wed, 25 Mar 2020 09:01:18 GMT):<br/>
Hello, I'm investigating the interoperability solutions for Fabric. What is possibile to do right now, there's some protocol defined? Specifically I'm looking for some interoperability exemples between Fabric/Corda and Fabric/Ethereum
</p>
<p><strong>Milos22</strong> (Wed, 25 Mar 2020 09:01:18 GMT):<br/>
Hello, I'm investigating the interoperability solutions for Fabric. What is possibile to do right now, there's some protocol defined? Specifically I'm looking for some exemples of bridges between Fabric/Corda and Fabric/Ethereum
</p>
<p><strong>kumar89</strong> (Wed, 25 Mar 2020 17:26:40 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>knagware9</strong> (Thu, 26 Mar 2020 08:30:02 GMT):<br/>
you can have look this group https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/blockchain-integration-framework #blockchain-integration-framework 
</p>
<p><strong>nileshv</strong> (Thu, 02 Apr 2020 06:03:52 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>SviatoslavButskyi</strong> (Sun, 26 Apr 2020 11:44:17 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>dtomczyk</strong> (Thu, 11 Jun 2020 16:15:55 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>da3v21</strong> (Sun, 10 Jan 2021 12:27:04 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 23 Mar 2022 17:24:55 GMT):<br/>

</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 23 Mar 2022 17:24:55 GMT):<br/>

</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 23 Mar 2022 17:24:55 GMT):<br/>

</p>
