<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"><p><strong>rjones</strong> (Thu, 03 May 2018 23:54:51 GMT):<br/>
mpiekarska
</p>
<p><strong>NateDiNiro</strong> (Sun, 06 May 2018 16:24:15 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>NateDiNiro</strong> (Sun, 06 May 2018 16:24:22 GMT):<br/>
Woot!
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Mon, 07 May 2018 16:22:11 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Mon, 07 May 2018 16:24:16 GMT):<br/>
Greatings ... not too many members yet! I'm from British Columbia, Canada working for the provincial government. We are fairly deep into decentralized identity and are applying Hyperledger Indy tech to business registration, permits and licences ... https://von.pathfinder.gov.bc.ca is our site that has some text and pointers to our live code, repos, etc
</p>
<p><strong>chriswinc</strong> (Mon, 07 May 2018 20:19:45 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Tue, 08 May 2018 11:49:05 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>zack-w</strong> (Sun, 20 May 2018 00:14:53 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Blake.Beyond</strong> (Tue, 22 May 2018 11:15:24 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Tue, 22 May 2018 19:00:08 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>mpiekarska</strong> (Tue, 22 May 2018 21:21:46 GMT):<br/>
Welcome @jljordan_bcgov !
</p>
<p><strong>alancthurlow</strong> (Fri, 25 May 2018 13:25:50 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>alancthurlow</strong> (Fri, 25 May 2018 13:27:21 GMT):<br/>
Hi John.  Long time no speak.  I am glad to see you are still in Blockchain.
</p>
<p><strong>mpiekarska</strong> (Tue, 29 May 2018 17:54:45 GMT):<br/>
@here Hyperledger Public Sector WG
When
Every 2 weeks from 7am to 8am on Friday Mountain Time - Arizona
Where
https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community (map)
Calendar
public-sector-wg@lists.hyperledger.org
Who
•
tkuhrt@linuxfoundation.org - creator
•
public-sector-wg@lists.hyperledger.org
•
mpiekarska@linuxfoundation.org
Contact: Marta Piekarska
Topic: Hyperledger Public Sector WG
Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community

Or iPhone one-tap :
    US: +16465588656,,4034983298# or +16699006833,,4034983298# 
Or Telephone:
    Dial(for higher quality, dial a number based on your current location): 
        US: +1 646 558 8656 or +1 669 900 6833 or +1 855 880 1246 (Toll Free) or +1 877 369 0926 (Toll Free)
    Meeting ID: 403 498 3298
    International numbers available: https://zoom.us/u/bAaJoyznp
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 31 May 2018 03:23:33 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Thu, 31 May 2018 23:49:17 GMT):<br/>
And these sessions start June 8th?
</p>
<p><strong>marksta</strong> (Fri, 01 Jun 2018 12:25:21 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>marksta</strong> (Fri, 01 Jun 2018 12:25:44 GMT):<br/>
Hello :)
</p>
<p><strong>marksta</strong> (Fri, 01 Jun 2018 12:25:44 GMT):<br/>
Hello from Switzerland :)
</p>
<p><strong>mpiekarska</strong> (Fri, 01 Jun 2018 13:53:00 GMT):<br/>
@jljordan_bcgov yes
</p>
<p><strong>jotaele84</strong> (Tue, 05 Jun 2018 15:54:43 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>paulbrigner</strong> (Tue, 05 Jun 2018 17:25:29 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Tue, 05 Jun 2018 19:06:12 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Tue, 05 Jun 2018 19:07:18 GMT):<br/>
As promised, here is a link to the slide deck that @rjones and I presented at Code for America last week: https://www.slideshare.net/tkuhrt/code-for-america-2018-using-hyperledger-technologies-to-deliver-government-services
</p>
<p><strong>mpiekarska</strong> (Thu, 07 Jun 2018 14:25:33 GMT):<br/>
We have been made aware of a REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) titled "Employee Digital Records" issued on behalf of the US Government Office of Personnel Management (OPM), Office of the Chief Information Officer (CIO) and the Office of Procurement Operations (OPO) - We encourage our community to reply to this RFI individually as appropriate. More information here https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=form&id=0246af87b41d04c95ac160e510c7218e&tab=core&_cview=0
 
We would also like to have a formal response from the Hyperledger Community to this RFI and to republish our response as a post to our public blog as an example of how one would use Hyperledger technologies to respond to an RFI/RFP like this as we believe we will be seeing more of these requests coming from government agencies. 
 
In order for us to reply, we are looking for a few volunteers to work together to respond as a community. Let Mpiekarska@linuxfoundation.org know if you'd like to work with us on the response.
 
Responses are due by June 13th.
 
Also, please note that you are also encouraged to attend this event tomorrow in DC
The US Office of Personnel Management (OPM), Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) is hosting an Industry Day for regarding this requirement for vendors this Thursday, June 7, 2018, from 9:30 AM to 10:30 AM (EST). This Industry Day will be held at OPM Headquarters, 1900 E Street, NW, Washington, DC 20415. See RFI link above for more info.


</p>
<p><strong>knagware9</strong> (Thu, 07 Jun 2018 18:33:45 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Fri, 08 Jun 2018 18:26:02 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>marksta</strong> (Sat, 09 Jun 2018 16:11:32 GMT):<br/>
I would appreciate some help :) Can you link me to information or even better some actual Blockchain cases in the public sector? I need to build up peoples confidence in the technology in this sector.
</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Sun, 10 Jun 2018 20:52:01 GMT):<br/>
[ ](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/public-sector-wg?msg=ckMXyxdcuC3P4fzwb) @marksta 
</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Sun, 10 Jun 2018 20:52:10 GMT):<br/>
that slide deck has a few
</p>
<p><strong>marksta</strong> (Mon, 11 Jun 2018 11:32:38 GMT):<br/>
[ ](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/public-sector-wg?msg=uR7zZkepr4PfBzQsx) @rjones thank you very much, i'll gladly look into it
</p>
<p><strong>angelagilhotra</strong> (Mon, 11 Jun 2018 18:57:06 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 12 Jun 2018 01:47:30 GMT):<br/>
Hi all interested in creating the survey together
</p>
<p><strong>CabMorris14</strong> (Tue, 12 Jun 2018 02:39:49 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>kenwhite</strong> (Tue, 12 Jun 2018 11:40:49 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>MSKumar</strong> (Tue, 12 Jun 2018 13:49:22 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Wed, 13 Jun 2018 14:00:49 GMT):<br/>
Hi everyone.. 
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Wed, 13 Jun 2018 14:02:48 GMT):<br/>
Sharing the RFI link on "Blockchain technology and its application to Government contract close-outs" from the Department of Veteran Affairs
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Wed, 13 Jun 2018 14:03:01 GMT):<br/>
https://www.fbo.gov/index.php?s=opportunity&mode=form&id=48e628516775f94251ef4fe447cdde52&tab=core&_cview=0
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Wed, 13 Jun 2018 14:03:24 GMT):<br/>
Due date 31st July 2018
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Wed, 13 Jun 2018 14:42:07 GMT):<br/>
Hi Surveyors! 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Wed, 13 Jun 2018 14:43:22 GMT):<br/>
@Bobbijn @NateDiNiro @kenwhite 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Wed, 13 Jun 2018 14:43:38 GMT):<br/>
Looking forward to getting this survey together with you. 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Wed, 13 Jun 2018 14:44:37 GMT):<br/>
Bobbi has put some ideas together in a survey form here: https://552950085483010367.weebly.com/hyperledger-wg-survey.html
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Wed, 13 Jun 2018 14:44:58 GMT):<br/>
Nate also has an example of a survey, from the Healthcare working group. It would be great to see that survey.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Wed, 13 Jun 2018 14:45:28 GMT):<br/>
I am creating a Google doc with a list of potential questions. We can work on it together here in chat and in the document itself. 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Wed, 13 Jun 2018 14:47:32 GMT):<br/>
Here is the link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TImrqXkVM_-IwLxFwNc1y9nJtIvtewAvDTEMonLQOUQ/edit?usp=sharing
</p>
<p><strong>CabMorris2</strong> (Wed, 13 Jun 2018 14:52:14 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Sean_Bohan</strong> (Wed, 13 Jun 2018 18:02:35 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Sean_Bohan</strong> (Wed, 13 Jun 2018 18:14:56 GMT):<br/>

<br/><a href="./assets/JwWwEpgfjRhf9vL7S-Clipboard - June 13, 2018 2:14 PM">Clipboard - June 13, 2018 2:14 PM</a>
</p>
<p><strong>marksta</strong> (Wed, 13 Jun 2018 21:31:53 GMT):<br/>
[ ](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/public-sector-wg?msg=QvzaR5moPymoX5YrZ) @mpiekarska round 2? :)
</p>
<p><strong>marksta</strong> (Thu, 14 Jun 2018 11:55:10 GMT):<br/>
[ ](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/public-sector-wg?msg=d87ZTRWALkzGD9BKk) @roseshuman maybe I just don't remember from our first call. Can you quickly elaborate the goal of the survey?
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Thu, 14 Jun 2018 16:57:11 GMT):<br/>
@marksta I have shared the link of the RFI on Blockchain from the Federal Business Opportunities which is the GSA portal 
</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Thu, 14 Jun 2018 17:01:47 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has left the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 14 Jun 2018 22:44:28 GMT):<br/>
 @marksta The purpose of the survey is to: 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 14 Jun 2018 22:44:51 GMT):<br/>
1. Understand the composition of the group
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 14 Jun 2018 22:45:23 GMT):<br/>
2. See what directions on the Agenda have the most interest and momentum 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 14 Jun 2018 22:45:50 GMT):<br/>
In order to determine the structure of the next set of meetings, as well as define work output priorities.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 14 Jun 2018 22:46:51 GMT):<br/>
3. Get some momentum around the upcoming Hyperledger Global Summit - what does the group collectively wish to submit as a proposal
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 14 Jun 2018 22:48:24 GMT):<br/>
Would welcome your input to any of the above and/or you responses to the survey, which will be circulating out shortly. 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Fri, 15 Jun 2018 00:38:37 GMT):<br/>
Alright everyone, I have built out a draft of the survey, folding in Bobbi's efforts as well.

For those who would like to contribute at this last round:

1. Please visit the document and make edits and suggestions.
2. We need some input for the technical guidance questions in Focus Area 4
3. Would anyone be able and willing to turn this document into a survey form? The form platform should allow for public viewing of all the responses if the link is shared. 

Ideally we get this out tomorrow or over the weekend!

Thanks!
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Fri, 15 Jun 2018 14:05:58 GMT):<br/>
Hello,  I am willing to put the survey form on the Weebly page , it is a public page that everyone can access. The results of the surveys get emailed directly to me and I can forward to group, I am also willing to organize the results for the group. Let me know if you want the survey on the Weebly format and if so what version of the survey .  Thanks,  Bobbi , Ledger Academy
</p>
<p><strong>kenty</strong> (Fri, 15 Jun 2018 15:10:13 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>kenwhite</strong> (Fri, 15 Jun 2018 15:54:37 GMT):<br/>
I reviewed the document and don't have edit access, so i'll need to provide feedback thru this chat.  Can we add financial services to the Group Focus/Area of Interest?  I work for the BostonFed and other similar agencies (FDIC, SEC, etc.) may find this useful.  On Focus Area 4, I assume we are looking for strategic items such as high priority product feature requests, influencing deliverable dates, prioritization of defects, etc.  Hope this helps.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Fri, 15 Jun 2018 17:03:36 GMT):<br/>
Thanks Bobbi and Ken. The document is now open for editing, realize the setting was incorrect. 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Fri, 15 Jun 2018 17:04:20 GMT):<br/>
Bobbi - that would be great if you could put the survey into Weebly, and that we go along with the plan to share the results with the group. 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Fri, 15 Jun 2018 17:04:29 GMT):<br/>
Ken, I will input your suggestions into the document now. 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Fri, 15 Jun 2018 17:05:40 GMT):<br/>
Bobbi, how about you build out the survey when convenient for you, with the aim that we blast it out tonight or this weekend? A few others have mailed in comments, so that will all be inputted within an hour of now. 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Fri, 15 Jun 2018 17:05:51 GMT):<br/>
Thanks
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Fri, 15 Jun 2018 17:11:14 GMT):<br/>
If you @Bobbijn  could share the Weebly with me, and anyone else here who wants to see the formatted survey prior to blast out, that would be great just to give it a read over together. Thank you
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Sun, 17 Jun 2018 20:49:40 GMT):<br/>
Rose,  Just finished up the survey, please edit for spelling and accuracy as mine were the only set of eyes, I will keep all the results in a file that I collect from the survey and  I will share with the group. please Let me know when there are more edits to the form. Thanks.  Bobbi
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Sun, 17 Jun 2018 20:49:48 GMT):<br/>
https://552950085483010367.weebly.com/hyperledger-wg-survey.html
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Mon, 18 Jun 2018 02:44:59 GMT):<br/>
Bobbi, thanks so much for building this out. Here are a few minor catches that would be really helpful to update. Otherwise, it is looking great and ready to go!
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Mon, 18 Jun 2018 02:46:38 GMT):<br/>
- Let’s not make any of the questions mandatory, as this will reduce survey completion. People may have differing senses of what parts are important to them to fill out, and may skip sections. Ideally they will choose at least one way to identify themselves.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Mon, 18 Jun 2018 02:47:41 GMT):<br/>
- For Group Focus, question, please see additional categories in doc that have been added. 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Mon, 18 Jun 2018 02:48:08 GMT):<br/>
Also to select up to 4 instead of 3 responses.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Mon, 18 Jun 2018 02:52:02 GMT):<br/>
Thanks again Bobbi, and please let the group know about the survey. It looks great.
</p>
<p><strong>kenwhite</strong> (Mon, 18 Jun 2018 12:35:31 GMT):<br/>
Survey looks good.  Let me know if you need me to enter a few test cases.  
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Tue, 19 Jun 2018 14:05:18 GMT):<br/>
Rose,
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Tue, 19 Jun 2018 14:06:33 GMT):<br/>
Finished the edits, I let some field mandatory (general demographics and Conference attendance) let me know if you want to change them. 
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Tue, 19 Jun 2018 14:06:45 GMT):<br/>
*Left
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Tue, 19 Jun 2018 14:06:45 GMT):<br/>
Everyone,  I just tested the form and it is functioning properly. Please take some time and complete and I will create a result form to share tomorrow on the conference call.  https://552950085483010367.weebly.com/hyperledger-wg-survey-public-sector.html.       Thank you, Bobbi
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Tue, 19 Jun 2018 15:05:55 GMT):<br/>
https://552950085483010367.weebly.com/hyperledger-wg-survey-public-sector.html
</p>
<p><strong>mpiekarska</strong> (Wed, 20 Jun 2018 16:06:12 GMT):<br/>
Dear Public Sector WG participants,
Please be reminded we will have a call THIS FRIDAY at 7am PST.

Suggested Agenda:
1) Antiturst policy, finding a scribe
2) Update from Rose on the survey
3) Update from Dr Mounir on proposal for the Call For Papers for Hyperledger Global Forum
4) Presentation from Dr Mounir on Smart Dubai
 
Dial in details below:
Contact: Marta Piekarska
Topic: Hyperledger Public Sector WG

Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community

Or iPhone one-tap :
    US: +16465588656,,4034983298# or +16699006833,,4034983298# 
Or Telephone:
    Dial(for higher quality, dial a number based on your current location): 
        US: +1 646 558 8656 or +1 669 900 6833 or +1 855 880 1246 (Toll Free) or +1 877 369 0926 (Toll Free)
    Meeting ID: 403 498 3298
    International numbers available: https://zoom.us/u/bAaJoyznp
</p>
<p><strong>mpiekarska</strong> (Wed, 20 Jun 2018 16:06:21 GMT):<br/>
@here 
</p>
<p><strong>Katie_Wei</strong> (Wed, 20 Jun 2018 18:47:19 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 21 Jun 2018 00:48:58 GMT):<br/>
Hi Bobbi, we really cannot make any fields manadatory, especially Personally Identifiable Information. People have the right to not share their address, email, etc. which is sensitive information and generally does not belong online. This is personal data, and people need control over it. Please remove all the mandatory fields, so we can move forward. Thanks much obliged.  
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Thu, 21 Jun 2018 03:52:48 GMT):<br/>
Rose, Hello, I removed all mandatory fields, all set to move forward.   https://552950085483010367.weebly.com/hyperledger-wg-survey-public-sector.htmlI will collect the responses and try to put them in a worksheet on the 
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Thu, 21 Jun 2018 03:52:55 GMT):<br/>
g
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Thu, 21 Jun 2018 03:53:08 GMT):<br/>
shared google drive, Thanks Bobbi
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Thu, 21 Jun 2018 03:54:26 GMT):<br/>
Correct link to publish to group:   https://552950085483010367.weebly.com/hyperledger-wg-survey-public-sector.html
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Thu, 21 Jun 2018 15:38:42 GMT):<br/>
Everyone,  I just tested the survey form and it is functioning properly. Please take some time and complete and I will create a result sheet to share tomorrow on the conference call.  https://552950085483010367.weebly.com/hyperledger-wg-survey-public-sector.html.       Thank you, Bobbi
</p>
<p><strong>abraham</strong> (Fri, 22 Jun 2018 14:21:58 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>jeffdstephens</strong> (Tue, 26 Jun 2018 16:12:49 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>TomonoriShimizu</strong> (Wed, 27 Jun 2018 00:47:22 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>GuyKioni</strong> (Thu, 28 Jun 2018 05:22:36 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>jun</strong> (Thu, 28 Jun 2018 08:21:27 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Aswath8687</strong> (Thu, 28 Jun 2018 22:27:26 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>sohailmunir</strong> (Mon, 02 Jul 2018 18:38:42 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Steve-Boyd</strong> (Fri, 06 Jul 2018 12:40:01 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>jleders</strong> (Mon, 09 Jul 2018 11:09:27 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>BrijeshKumar</strong> (Tue, 10 Jul 2018 00:40:55 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>upender_sheri</strong> (Wed, 11 Jul 2018 03:09:53 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>IsaacWong</strong> (Wed, 18 Jul 2018 04:55:12 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>SjirNijssen</strong> (Sun, 29 Jul 2018 19:48:00 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>SorianoTech</strong> (Tue, 31 Jul 2018 07:17:10 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>PeteTeigen</strong> (Fri, 03 Aug 2018 14:34:46 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>eramitg</strong> (Fri, 03 Aug 2018 14:38:04 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Fri, 03 Aug 2018 14:40:36 GMT):<br/>
Some links for further information on our work

This is a short Verifiable Organizations Network Primer document with a high level overview of our work https://docs.google.com/open?id=1Pfu7S1JtLFNDvxvZqRgN3rvQCnnWIZBi1Dth8pglUQ0

This is our page pointing to all of our demos, APIs, GitHub repos and so forth. Everything we are doing is in the open and all code licenced under Apache 2.0 --> https://von.pathfinder.gov.bc.ca/clicky-things/

This blog page has a 40 minute webinar recording I did at the bottom which gives a decent overview of our work. http://digitalscot.net/blog/british-columbia-best-practices/

This is a link to a google folder with a variety of open documents in there covering various ideas and early specifications we have been considering https://drive.google.com/open?id=10pco_o3WFfu1FVl_97LJh-g5izZj6o5Z

The deck covers Indy/Sovrin ledger details is "2018 - 07 - What Goes on the Ledger.pptx.gslides" https://docs.google.com/open?id=1WbTcnMpXh9vjMJrfNCDg2Kk-t7tT2wKhJE2-e8TYnJ4

</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Fri, 03 Aug 2018 14:41:07 GMT):<br/>
Thank you John - this is a very engaging presentation and project!
</p>
<p><strong>PeteTeigen</strong> (Fri, 03 Aug 2018 14:46:50 GMT):<br/>
great stuff John and Olena!
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Fri, 03 Aug 2018 15:07:58 GMT):<br/>
Thanks folks .. have a great weekend.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Fri, 03 Aug 2018 15:27:39 GMT):<br/>
Dear All in the Hyperledger Public Sector Working Group - 

Thanks for your participation in today's very informative call. We had 21 participants, some of which were groups, so it is heartening to see our community grow to encompass representation from all around the globe.

Special thanks to Bobbi Muscara, for pulling together these informative educational resources on explaining blockchain to lay audiences. Please note that these materials are in the mailing list and chat.

Also special Thanks to John Jordan and Olena Mitovska, from British Columbia and Ontario, Canada respectively. We enjoyed the overview of how province governments, along with the national government of Canada, are working together collaboratively to develop The Org Book - putting diverse, verifiable business credentials in an accessible format, undergirded by blockchain structure.

Anyone with additional questions for our presenters today, please share them here in our email digest, or in the group Rocket Chat. 

For our next call on Friday, August 17th:

We are looking forward to learning from Pete Teigen of IBM Global Business Services, who will share experiences with Hyperledger implementations in Delaware.

We also look forward to a group expertise sharing session with the UN in Uzbekistan, which is working on a land registration programme. (To be confirmed)

Request for support:
Would anyone on this group like to help us keep our Use Case wiki up to date? Every call we have a Zoom recording and slide presentations. It would be great if others could access the materials and learn after the fact by visiting our group wiki: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/public-sector-wg/public-sector-wg

Please let me know if you'd be willing to help with this important documentation support.

Thanks and best wishes for the weekend to all!

Rose
</p>
<p><strong>MarisonSouza</strong> (Fri, 03 Aug 2018 18:13:20 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>jeffdstephens</strong> (Fri, 03 Aug 2018 18:13:42 GMT):<br/>
Oops. Got my meeting times mixed up and missed this call unfortunately. Looking forward to the next meeting and potentially seeing any of the slide decks that were covered today. Have a great weekend!
</p>
<p><strong>MarisonSouza</strong> (Fri, 03 Aug 2018 18:17:55 GMT):<br/>
I've just arrived and i hope it's not too late to read all the precious content you had already created. My name's Marison Souza, co-founder of Trubr. We work in partnership with governments in Brazil in order to create a digital identity pattern to citizens. You can check more info at www.trubr.com . Thank you and I hope contribute with something next friday.
</p>
<p><strong>mitovskaol</strong> (Tue, 07 Aug 2018 17:13:08 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>raynedevivo</strong> (Tue, 07 Aug 2018 18:05:25 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>MSKumar</strong> (Thu, 09 Aug 2018 15:45:37 GMT):<br/>
[ ](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/public-sector-wg?msg=NpqEtj6nRvJpp9YFF) @roseshuman Rose,
</p>
<p><strong>MSKumar</strong> (Thu, 09 Aug 2018 15:46:07 GMT):<br/>
[ ](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/public-sector-wg?msg=NpqEtj6nRvJpp9YFF) @roseshuman I can help in wiki updates 
</p>
<p><strong>alejocortes</strong> (Sun, 12 Aug 2018 20:51:28 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>marksta</strong> (Tue, 14 Aug 2018 12:21:38 GMT):<br/>
Was there ever any answer or contact from the RFI we responded to?
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 16 Aug 2018 03:06:29 GMT):<br/>
@MSKumar Thanks for offering to help with the wiki updates - that is very appreciated! 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 16 Aug 2018 03:06:46 GMT):<br/>
Will you be on the next call? If so, we can discuss there. Otherwise here on chat is fine.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 16 Aug 2018 03:07:12 GMT):<br/>
@MarisonSouza Welcome to the Public Sector working group. We look forward to your joining our calls and work coming forward. 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 16 Aug 2018 03:07:32 GMT):<br/>
It would be great to learn more about your work at Trubr.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 16 Aug 2018 03:08:38 GMT):<br/>
@marksta I am not the POC for that. Perhaps it is @mpiekarska ?
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 16 Aug 2018 03:09:59 GMT):<br/>
@jljordan_bcgov  Would it be possible to put a shared version of your presentation on the Wiki, under the Use Case section? Ideally @MSKumar could help put up any materials you would find fine to share. Thanks
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 16 Aug 2018 03:10:51 GMT):<br/>
@sohailmunir Likewise, are there materials from Smart Dubai that can be added to the Use Case section of the wiki, so people can find information and examples about it? Thank you
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Thu, 16 Aug 2018 04:33:06 GMT):<br/>
Sure @roseshuman https://drive.google.com/open?id=1aVSN4khMpP8iToP4zzIVHj3aGzZf5Piu
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Thu, 16 Aug 2018 04:33:14 GMT):<br/>
PDF version 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 16 Aug 2018 12:56:32 GMT):<br/>
Thanks @jljordan_bcgov 
</p>
<p><strong>MSKumar</strong> (Wed, 22 Aug 2018 00:12:05 GMT):<br/>
@roseshuman  I have update wiki page with all available meeting recordings/chat/transcripts. But Use Cases still need to update as I need more details of Use cases prior to update and we will discuss in next call.
</p>
<p><strong>raynedevivo</strong> (Wed, 22 Aug 2018 11:31:19 GMT):<br/>
I have been adding notes from the three healthcare WG to their wiki (on new wiki pages, not on google docs) and am up to date now. Does Public Sector have notes or minutes you would like up on the wiki?  
</p>
<p><strong>Steve-Boyd</strong> (Wed, 22 Aug 2018 12:51:21 GMT):<br/>
[ ](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/public-sector-wg?msg=PcXaxNm59vkTIIT12H) @jljordan_bcgov Thanks for sharing. I was disappointed I missed the presentation.
</p>
<p><strong>MSKumar</strong> (Wed, 22 Aug 2018 14:06:11 GMT):<br/>
[ ](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/public-sector-wg?msg=pYjv8JrNg8WKpq68x) @raynedevivo We are up to date will all meeting recordings/notes on Public Sector wiki  - https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/public-sector-wg/public-sector-wg.
</p>
<p><strong>MSKumar</strong> (Wed, 22 Aug 2018 14:07:03 GMT):<br/>
@raynedevivo Please check Public Sector wiki and let us know - https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/public-sector-wg/public-sector-wg
</p>
<p><strong>raynedevivo</strong> (Wed, 22 Aug 2018 14:09:33 GMT):<br/>
@MSKumar I see that recordings / chats / transcripts are up. In healthcare, they were keeping meeting notes and some were in lists and some were in chats and I put them all on the wiki. I don't see any notes for public sector scattered around in those spots.
</p>
<p><strong>MSKumar</strong> (Wed, 22 Aug 2018 14:13:08 GMT):<br/>
Ok, I will try to find notes details as you mentioned and update in wiki. If you already have those details then please update on wiki. Thank you.
</p>
<p><strong>raynedevivo</strong> (Wed, 22 Aug 2018 14:15:06 GMT):<br/>
@MSKumar I don't have those details. I just poked around in PSWG lists & chat. Your working group wiki seems well organized, so if there isn't any help I can give there then I will move on to cleaning up some other working group wiki.  
</p>
<p><strong>MSKumar</strong> (Wed, 22 Aug 2018 14:16:35 GMT):<br/>
[ ](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/public-sector-wg?msg=a2qdBxkmwyoPGThKu) @raynedevivo Sure, we will let you know for any help. Thanks.
</p>
<p><strong>AbidiBassem</strong> (Thu, 23 Aug 2018 09:22:11 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 30 Aug 2018 17:06:04 GMT):<br/>
Thanks @raynedevivo for checking in. You are most welcome to join the calls, and hope we can find ways for you to help keep the wiki in good condition. 
</p>
<p><strong>raynedevivo</strong> (Thu, 30 Aug 2018 17:29:31 GMT):<br/>
@roseshuman I plan to join this week's call.  I'm an Illinois lawyer and I've worked in many facets of Illinois state gov't as well as representing small municipalities for several years.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Fri, 31 Aug 2018 21:15:58 GMT):<br/>
Hi @raynedevivo , saw you joined today. Thanks and hope to see you on the future calls. Please sign up for the Public Sector mailing list if you have not yet done so! 
</p>
<p><strong>raynedevivo</strong> (Fri, 07 Sep 2018 17:38:47 GMT):<br/>
I would like to share Bobbi and Stephen's presentations from last week with the health care working group.  Are links available so they don't have to watch the meeting recording?
</p>
<p><strong>waleed</strong> (Fri, 14 Sep 2018 14:57:20 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>waleed</strong> (Fri, 14 Sep 2018 15:21:23 GMT):<br/>
Suggestion for the Agenda next week:
IBM will not develop Hyperledger Composer any further. There will be something similar in the fabric core.
When I asked someone of the composer Team about that, he told me
```
see the email https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/composer/message/125 - IBM is refactoring its approach - ie bringing all that was good in Composer, into Fabric native - so that there is less confusion on how to move forward with development. They will factor some of the Contract API / SDK changes (for Node JS initially) into Fabric 1.3, then in Fabric 1.4, the plan is to work on Java/Go enhancements - so that developers can them choose a diferent language to develop, but importantly, the same framework (which wasn't the case before)
```
</p>
<p><strong>adrianbberg</strong> (Fri, 14 Sep 2018 21:02:18 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 25 Sep 2018 01:10:28 GMT):<br/>
Hi @waleed  - thanks for the Agenda discussion suggestion. We can add it to the topics for this Friday for conversation.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 25 Sep 2018 01:25:24 GMT):<br/>
Hi @raynedevivo, generally the presentations should go onto the Public Sector WG wiki. @MSKumar is leading the effort to put the presentations up on the wiki. Kumar, would it be possible for you to post the presentations from @Bobbijn  and Stephen? If you are having difficulty locating the presentations in the chat transcription, please just let me know directly. Thanks.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 25 Sep 2018 01:25:52 GMT):<br/>
More great resources, thank you in advance @MSKumar for posting these from Canada:
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 25 Sep 2018 01:25:54 GMT):<br/>
Here are some links to more detailed info that may be of interest for background on our project

  *   This is a short VON Primer document with a high level overview of our work https://docs.google.com/open?id=1Pfu7S1JtLFNDvxvZqRgN3rvQCnnWIZBi1Dth8pglUQ0

  *   There is a 40 minute webinar recording at the bottom of this blog post that will give a good overview of our work. http://digitalscot.net/blog/british-columbia-best-practices/

  *   This is our page pointing to all of our demos, APIs, GitHub repos and so forth. Everything we are doing is in the open and all code licenced under Apache 2.0 àhttps://von.pathfinder.gov.bc.ca/clicky-things/

For the more technically adventurous this is a Sovrin/Hyperledger Indy focused deck (mostly) that has embedded links to most of the key resources for the tech and standards that are emerging.
https://docs.google.com/open?id=1WbTcnMpXh9vjMJrfNCDg2Kk-t7tT2wKhJE2-e8TYnJ4
</p>
<p><strong>sjrichter</strong> (Fri, 05 Oct 2018 20:08:50 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Fri, 12 Oct 2018 15:12:32 GMT):<br/>
@roseshuman , I have the ability to edit the Wiki, I will work on uploading our presentations from Google Drives and overall organization of the page. 
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Sat, 13 Oct 2018 14:25:36 GMT):<br/>
The link to the webinar just above is broken. Here is one that works.  
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Sat, 13 Oct 2018 14:25:41 GMT):<br/>
This is a 40 minute webinar recording I did which gives a decent overview of our work. https://bc-von.s3.amazonaws.com/2018-06-VON-Webinar-for-Sovrin-Indy-Community.mp4
 
</p>
<p><strong>manuvarghese</strong> (Mon, 15 Oct 2018 23:07:43 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>melias11</strong> (Tue, 16 Oct 2018 03:11:30 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>MSKumar</strong> (Thu, 18 Oct 2018 09:03:36 GMT):<br/>
@roseshuman I have uploaded DIGITAL TRUST project presentation into wiki. Also uploaded Oct 12th meeting recordings. 
</p>
<p><strong>MSKumar</strong> (Thu, 18 Oct 2018 09:08:33 GMT):<br/>
@roseshuman Do we need separate section in wiki for projects/links which are in currently implemented vs others?  I have uploaded DIGITAL TRUST project under Use Case Inventory section and please check if this is in correct or not.
</p>
<p><strong>marksta</strong> (Thu, 18 Oct 2018 11:38:23 GMT):<br/>
[ ](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/public-sector-wg?msg=vvTWrgdrAXXbJHVyRE) @jljordan_bcgov thank you @jljordan_bcgov for this webinar. I'm still figuring out, how to approach our local government in order to get them at least interested. Do you have any tipps in this regards? :)
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Thu, 18 Oct 2018 12:53:15 GMT):<br/>
What level of government is “local”. One thing to consider is identifying what is the “foundational” credential. In our case we are working with the business registry. One could imagine land parcels as foundational. As well, legislated member organizations like lawyers, doctors, nurses, engineers. They all make public statements of trust about what they govern.  @marksta [ ](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/public-sector-wg?msg=JPjAu6NuTgrq2MiQa)
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Fri, 26 Oct 2018 13:47:34 GMT):<br/>
I'm traveling this week as well as having a conflict with an Indy Agent call this am .. so regretfully I won't be on the call this week. 
If it is still relevant and people would like it I can do a bit of a summary of the 27th Internet Identity Workshop which we attended this week in Mountain View California. A great deal of discussion and learning around decentralized identity.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 06 Nov 2018 22:09:00 GMT):<br/>
Hello @jljordan_bcgov - thanks for all of this. It would be great am certain to hear about the Internet Identity Workshop, and in particular how blockchain has relevance to decentralized identity.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 06 Nov 2018 22:09:21 GMT):<br/>
Would you like to present a summary this Friday, or prefer the following call on the 23rd?
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 06 Nov 2018 22:09:36 GMT):<br/>
Either way, thank you for sharing with the community and putting this knowledge forward.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 06 Nov 2018 22:10:27 GMT):<br/>
@MSKumar Thank you for uploading the Digital Trust presentation and the October 12th meeting recordings. It is very much appreciated by all.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 06 Nov 2018 22:11:53 GMT):<br/>
In terms of a separate section in the wiki - how about we put that up for discussion on our upcoming call this week. 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 06 Nov 2018 22:12:31 GMT):<br/>
Could you explain a little more about what "Other" projects links are vs. the currently implemented ones, to be sure we are all sharing the same understanding?
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 06 Nov 2018 22:13:48 GMT):<br/>
@Bobbijn Thank you so much for getting involved in the wiki care and upkeep as well. Am excited to see how you contribute your thinking to the page. 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 06 Nov 2018 22:14:37 GMT):<br/>
Thanks to everyone for your patience, as I was on travel for the past two weeks, and am now back and starting to catch up with all of your activity and conversations. 
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Wed, 07 Nov 2018 04:53:25 GMT):<br/>
[ ](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/public-sector-wg?msg=n3eJdE5SPWWsnXubc) @roseshuman Yes I can do that
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Thu, 08 Nov 2018 01:04:37 GMT):<br/>
@jljordan_bcgov That would be great, John - thank you for that and looking forward
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Fri, 09 Nov 2018 15:44:56 GMT):<br/>
http://www.internetidentityworkshop.com/proceedings.html
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Fri, 09 Nov 2018 15:45:15 GMT):<br/>
Internet Identity Workshop proceedings page 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 20 Nov 2018 18:37:01 GMT):<br/>
Hi everyone - we have a call scheduled for this Friday, Nov. 23rd. Some have noted that it is the day after US Thanksgiving holiday, which may affect participation.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 20 Nov 2018 18:38:37 GMT):<br/>
As such, it is best to get a sense of how many people normally would attend, but cannot come this week. So, if you are based in the US, and usually would plan on attending, but will NOT attend this week, please let us know on chat or email, either direct message or public.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 20 Nov 2018 18:38:53 GMT):<br/>
Thanks!
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 20 Nov 2018 18:39:17 GMT):<br/>
We'll decide tomorrow depending on responses. 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Tue, 20 Nov 2018 18:39:36 GMT):<br/>
For those celebrating Thanksgiving: Happy Thanksgiving! 
</p>
<p><strong>jeffdstephens</strong> (Wed, 21 Nov 2018 14:17:48 GMT):<br/>
Unfortunately, I will not be able to make the Friday call.
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Wed, 21 Nov 2018 22:52:39 GMT):<br/>
<i>Room name changed to: <em>public-sector-sig</em> by <em>tkuhrt</em></i>
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Wed, 21 Nov 2018 22:53:12 GMT):<br/>
Discussions related to the Public Sector Special Interest Group
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Mon, 26 Nov 2018 17:49:55 GMT):<br/>
Thanks @jeffdstephens  for letting us know. There were several US participants who could not make the 23rd, so we have rescheduled that day's Agenda for our next call, on Dec. 7th. 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Mon, 26 Nov 2018 17:50:08 GMT):<br/>
Look forward to having you join us then!
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Wed, 05 Dec 2018 01:06:18 GMT):<br/>
Reminder - we have our next call this Friday, Dec. 7th, at 3pm UK time, 10am EST. Brian Belendorf, Executive Director of Hyperledger, is joining!
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Wed, 05 Dec 2018 01:06:35 GMT):<br/>
Please share questions here in advance.
</p>
<p><strong>bbehlendorf</strong> (Wed, 05 Dec 2018 01:49:27 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Fri, 07 Dec 2018 07:30:03 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Fri, 07 Dec 2018 15:22:29 GMT):<br/>
New URL ... https://www.orgbook.gov.bc.ca/ ... close to public release!
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Fri, 07 Dec 2018 15:37:18 GMT):<br/>
interesting ... a historical sole prop record https://www.orgbook.gov.bc.ca/en/organization/FM0283338
</p>
<p><strong>melias11</strong> (Fri, 07 Dec 2018 16:06:25 GMT):<br/>
Great call - one follow-up question to consider : how does one pitch a decentralized governance model to decision-makers  in sectors such as healthcare in countries where the market is typically dominated by a single publicly-financed services delivery entity? 
</p>
<p><strong>AndrewHughes3000</strong> (Sun, 09 Dec 2018 17:13:56 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>ydcandrew</strong> (Fri, 04 Jan 2019 04:10:47 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>jcarpenter</strong> (Thu, 10 Jan 2019 19:42:57 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Wed, 16 Jan 2019 21:47:35 GMT):<br/>
That's a great question, @melias11 . If you are joining our next call this week on Friday, Jan. 18 - let's discuss!
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Fri, 18 Jan 2019 14:18:12 GMT):<br/>
Rose,
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Fri, 18 Jan 2019 14:20:14 GMT):<br/>
I have been working on getting the General Framework and Tools presentation updated and should be finished by today.  I would like to offer my assistance in maintaining the groups wiki. Looking forward to an exciting call today.  Bobbi 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Fri, 18 Jan 2019 14:49:21 GMT):<br/>
Hi Bobbi,
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Fri, 18 Jan 2019 14:49:50 GMT):<br/>
That is exciting news regards the General Framework and Tools. 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Fri, 18 Jan 2019 14:50:30 GMT):<br/>
We will have a packed schedule today. Let's program a slot on our next call, so you can really have the time to get into the work you have been doing.
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Fri, 18 Jan 2019 14:51:04 GMT):<br/>
For the wiki, it would be great if you could hang on the call a few minutes afterwards, and Marta and I can talk through the wiki updates with you. 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Fri, 18 Jan 2019 14:51:34 GMT):<br/>
Thank you so much for taking the lead on the wiki! 
</p>
<p><strong>DerrickL</strong> (Tue, 22 Jan 2019 15:07:44 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>tkuhrt</strong> (Thu, 31 Jan 2019 18:14:06 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has left the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>patmc</strong> (Fri, 01 Feb 2019 22:58:15 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>patmc</strong> (Fri, 01 Feb 2019 22:58:27 GMT):<br/>
Greetings,

My name is Pat and I am preparing to write a thesis in computer science starting one year from now. I have not finalized a thesis topic. However, I am interested in documenting a set of regression and machine learning techniques for analyzing Hyperledger transactions. Granted the nature of the transactions will demand different types of analysis but I am most interested in doing this from a blockchain perspective.

I am not experienced with Hyperledger or blockchain technology yet. I plan to prepare for the thesis over the next year by learning Hyperledger. Are there any large public Hyperledger transaction data sets that I can access with permission from the owning organization in exchange for an ongoing analysis of the data? A not-for-profit organization would be ideal but I welcome the input if you know where I can access a large data set. Thank you for your input.
</p>
<p><strong>pasimoes</strong> (Wed, 20 Feb 2019 01:24:38 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>seanokelly</strong> (Wed, 27 Feb 2019 20:35:18 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Pradeep_Pentakota</strong> (Tue, 12 Mar 2019 12:46:41 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>SergeiSmalkov</strong> (Wed, 13 Mar 2019 16:33:42 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>SergeiSmalkov</strong> (Wed, 13 Mar 2019 17:01:19 GMT):<br/>
Hi everyone. My name is Sergei Smalkov. I am product manager at Blockchain Industrial Alliance, a blockchain startup in the industrial and government sectors. We have been working on ethereum based platform for the governments of Russia and Uzbekistan. So far we've build a sort of google engine cloud platform for DApps. Modified ethereum to meet nationwide governmental hi load needs of up to 10000 tps, hybrid onchain-offchain data storage and other. We have already tested some dApp in real life cases in the public sector.  Some of them are: transparent voting for the municipal initiatives, smart city, drugs certification, blockchain voting as a service. Currently we are working on the dApp for blockchain diploma certificates. We have done a lot so far, but never shared the insights. Since we are building blockchain as a service systems with prebuilt ready to deploy apps, we are interested in good challenging cases as well. Is there a way to participate at one of the collaborative activities or meetings to first share probably some valuable insights, and get an unbiased feedback from this group? How we could participate and what could be the most valuable way to share? Thank you!
</p>
<p><strong>SergeiSmalkov</strong> (Wed, 13 Mar 2019 17:01:19 GMT):<br/>
Hi everyone. My name is Sergei Smalkov. I am a product manager at Blockchain Industrial Alliance, a small blockchain startup in the industrial and government sectors. We have been working on ethereum based platform for the governments of Russia and Uzbekistan. So far we've built a sort of google engine cloud platform for DApps and Modified ethereum to meet nationwide governmental hi load needs of up to 10000 tps, hybrid onchain-offchain data storage and other. We have already tested some dApp in real-life cases in the public sector.  Some of them are transparent voting for the municipal initiatives, smart city, drugs certification, blockchain voting as a service. Currently, we are working on the dApp for blockchain diploma certificates. Since we are building blockchain as a service system with prebuilt ready to deploy apps, we are interested in good challenging cases as well. Is there a way to participate in one of the collaborative activities or meetings to first share probably some valuable insights, and get unbiased feedback from this group? How we could participate and what could be the most valuable way to share? Thank you!
</p>
<p><strong>SergeiSmalkov</strong> (Wed, 13 Mar 2019 17:01:19 GMT):<br/>
Hi everyone. My name is Sergei Smalkov. I am a product manager at Blockchain Industrial Alliance, a small blockchain startup in the industrial and government sectors. We have been working on ethereum based platform for the governments of Russia and Uzbekistan. So far we've built a sort of google engine cloud platform for DApps and Modified ethereum to meet nationwide governmental hi load needs of up to 10000 tps, hybrid onchain-offchain data storage and other.We have already tested some dApp in real-life cases in the public sector.  Some of them are transparent voting for the municipal initiatives, smart city, drugs certification, blockchain voting as a service. Currently, we are working on the dApp for blockchain diploma certificates. Since we are building blockchain as a service system with prebuilt ready to deploy apps, we are interested in good challenging cases as well. Is there a way to participate in one of the collaborative activities or meetings to first share probably some valuable insights, and get unbiased feedback from this group? How we could participate and what could be the most valuable way to share? Thank you!
</p>
<p><strong>SergeiSmalkov</strong> (Wed, 13 Mar 2019 17:01:19 GMT):<br/>
Hi everyone. My name is Sergei Smalkov. I am a product manager at Blockchain Industrial Alliance, a small blockchain startup in the industrial and government sectors. We have been working on ethereum based platform for the governments of Russia and Uzbekistan. So far we've built a sort of google engine cloud platform for DApps and Modified ethereum to meet nationwide governmental hi load needs of up to 10000 tps, hybrid onchain-offchain data storage and other.

There are Uzbekistan government officials we've been working together already attending the meetings. Together we have already tested some dApp in real-life cases.  Some of them are transparent voting for the municipal initiatives, smart city, drugs certification, blockchain voting as a service.Currently, we are working on the dApp for blockchain diploma certificates. Since we are building blockchain as a service system with prebuilt ready to deploy apps, we are interested in good challenging cases as well. Is there a way to participate in one of the collaborative activities or meetings to first share probably some valuable insights, and get unbiased feedback from this group? How we could participate and what could be the most valuable way to share? Thank you!
</p>
<p><strong>SergeiSmalkov</strong> (Wed, 13 Mar 2019 17:01:19 GMT):<br/>
Hi everyone. My name is Sergei Smalkov. I am a product manager at Blockchain Industrial Alliance, a small blockchain startup in the industrial and government sectors. We have been working on ethereum based platform for the governments of Russia and Uzbekistan. So far we've built a sort of google engine cloud platform for DApps and Modified ethereum to meet nationwide governmental hi load needs of up to 10000 tps, hybrid onchain-offchain data storage and other.

There are Uzbekistan government officials we've been working together already attending the meetings. Uzbekistan is currently working on a strategy for the digital economy and blockchain is a big part of this strategy. Together we have already tested some dApp in real-life cases.  Some of them are transparent voting for the municipal initiatives, smart city, drugs certification, blockchain voting as a service. Currently, we are working on the dApp for blockchain diploma certificates. 

Since we are building blockchain as a service system with prebuilt ready to deploy apps, we are interested in good challenging cases applicable in the public sector. Is there a way to participate in one of the collaborative activities or meetings to first share probably some valuable insights, and second get unbiased feedback from this group? How we could participate and what could be the most valuable way to share? Thank you!
</p>
<p><strong>SergeiSmalkov</strong> (Wed, 13 Mar 2019 17:01:19 GMT):<br/>
Hi everyone. My name is Sergei Smalkov. I am a product manager at Blockchain Industrial Alliance, a small blockchain startup in the industrial and government sectors. We have been working on ethereum based platform for the governments of Russia and Uzbekistan. So far we've built a sort of google engine cloud platform for DApps and Modified ethereum to meet nationwide governmental hi load needs of up to 10000 tps, hybrid onchain-offchain data storage and other.

There are Uzbekistan government officials we've been working together already attending the meetings. Uzbekistan is currently working on a strategy for the digital economy and blockchain is a big part of this strategy. Together we have already tested some dApp in real-life cases.  Some of them are transparent voting for the municipal initiatives, smart city, drugs certification, blockchain voting as a service. Currently, we are working on the dApp for blockchain diploma certificates. 

Since we are building blockchain as a service system with prebuilt ready to deploy apps, we are interested in good challenging cases applicable to the public sector. Is there a way to participate in one of the collaborative activities or meetings to first share probably some valuable insights, and second get unbiased feedback from this group? How we could participate and what could be the most valuable way to share? Thank you!
</p>
<p><strong>maestrus</strong> (Tue, 26 Mar 2019 20:25:22 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>kh.nguyen</strong> (Tue, 26 Mar 2019 23:17:48 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Mahesh1 2</strong> (Tue, 26 Mar 2019 23:55:55 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>laurasp</strong> (Thu, 04 Apr 2019 07:40:43 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>kjensen</strong> (Thu, 04 Apr 2019 13:49:19 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Thu, 04 Apr 2019 18:14:09 GMT):<br/>
Hi Everyone..!!
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Thu, 04 Apr 2019 18:14:38 GMT):<br/>
We have our next meeting on the White Paper of the Public Sector on April 12 at 11 am EDT
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Thu, 04 Apr 2019 18:15:02 GMT):<br/>
Please join using the link 
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Thu, 04 Apr 2019 18:15:04 GMT):<br/>
https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Thu, 04 Apr 2019 18:15:57 GMT):<br/>
You can save the link for future meetings as well..White Paper for the Public Sector is a sub section under the PSWG
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Thu, 04 Apr 2019 18:19:43 GMT):<br/>
For dialing numbers please follow the below  
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Thu, 04 Apr 2019 18:19:45 GMT):<br/>
Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android: https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community

Or iPhone one-tap :
    US: +16465588656,,4034983298# or +16699006833,,4034983298#
Or Telephone:
    Dial(for higher quality, dial a number based on your current location):
        US: +1 646 558 8656 or +1 669 900 6833 or +1 855 880 1246 (Toll Free) or +1 877 369 0926 (Toll Free)
    Meeting ID: 403 498 3298
    International numbers available: https://zoom.us/u/bAaJoyznp
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Fri, 05 Apr 2019 18:42:19 GMT):<br/>

<br/><a href="./assets/jwu6z3N3Gfma7vpE3-Clipboard - April 5, 2019 2:42 PM">Clipboard - April 5, 2019 2:42 PM</a>
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Fri, 05 Apr 2019 18:48:11 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/LMDWG/Learning+Materials+Development+Working+Group

</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Tue, 09 Apr 2019 16:41:52 GMT):<br/>
Discussions related to the Public Sector Special Interest Group https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/PSSIG
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Tue, 09 Apr 2019 23:03:52 GMT):<br/>
Thanks Bobbi..
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Thu, 11 Apr 2019 18:50:34 GMT):<br/>
Hello everyone, put a structured Outline to help get us started with the Whitepaper, please add content. https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/PSSIG/Whitepaper+Work+Space
</p>
<p><strong>brockhager</strong> (Fri, 12 Apr 2019 13:30:30 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Fri, 19 Apr 2019 15:11:08 GMT):<br/>
Hello Everyone..!!
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Fri, 19 Apr 2019 15:12:49 GMT):<br/>
Sorry for the inconvenience today however we should have updates on the appropriate time slot for our White Paper meeting soon.. 
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Sat, 20 Apr 2019 09:40:43 GMT):<br/>
Please suggest your weekly/biweekly availability...I have shared the calendar for Public Meetings  of Hyperledger for review..https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/HYP/Calendar+of+Public+Meetings
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Fri, 03 May 2019 13:25:01 GMT):<br/>
Hi Everyone we have weekly White Paper meeting for Public Sector SIG confirmed at 11am EDT every Friday
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Fri, 03 May 2019 13:25:15 GMT):<br/>
I have shared below the link to join the meeting
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Fri, 03 May 2019 13:27:31 GMT):<br/>
https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.3 


Topic: Hyperledger Community's Personal Meeting Room

Join Zoom Meeting
https://zoom.us/j/5184947650

One tap mobile
+16699006833,,5184947650# US (San Jose)
+16465588656,,5184947650# US (New York)

Dial by your location
        +1 669 900 6833 US (San Jose)
        +1 646 558 8656 US (New York)
        855 880 1246 US Toll-free
        877 369 0926 US Toll-free
Meeting ID: 518 494 7650
Find your local number: https://zoom.us/u/ac5Ucp2nJy
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 22 May 2019 00:00:38 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 22 May 2019 00:00:39 GMT):<br/>
We are looking for Fabric Developers and training groups to help us design the next Fabric Developer Certification on July 8-11 at the LF offices in SF.  If you have Fabric experience please apply here. ttps://forms.gle/v4CuDnHQ9QA9pf6p8
</p>
<p><strong>jljordan_bcgov</strong> (Sat, 25 May 2019 02:42:46 GMT):<br/>
Missed call this am unfortunately... curious if there is materials or recording of the IBM presentation on registries 
</p>
<p><strong>MattMilligan</strong> (Fri, 31 May 2019 16:10:27 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>seanokelly</strong> (Fri, 07 Jun 2019 14:54:37 GMT):<br/>
Rose - I’ll work as the link to the Indy WG.
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Fri, 07 Jun 2019 14:55:16 GMT):<br/>
Hey Rose,  I will sit in on the Trade Finance and Telecom Special Interest Group for a report on our next  meeting.  Bobbi
</p>
<p><strong>MattMilligan</strong> (Fri, 07 Jun 2019 19:10:27 GMT):<br/>
@Bobbijn I'm a new hyperledger member and we're using hyperledger fabric in toll collection to facilitate transaction interoperability and mobility as a service.  Our work also links up with digital identity via the DMV.  If this type of use case fits into the group's white paper, we're happy to help and contribute.  We're in the beginning of two pilot projects with government toll agencies in the US.  
</p>
<p><strong>KOttoni</strong> (Tue, 18 Jun 2019 18:28:28 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>KOttoni</strong> (Tue, 18 Jun 2019 18:28:29 GMT):<br/>
https://cointelegraph.com/news/govt-of-brazil-to-consider-bill-requiring-public-administration-to-promote-blockchain?utm_source=6-4-19+Members&utm_campaign=ce7b991c10-EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_2018_01_19_COPY_01&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_15de4d2b91-ce7b991c10-345450589
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Wed, 19 Jun 2019 01:50:49 GMT):<br/>
Hi @MattMilligan thanks for reaching out. This sounds like a great use case. present your work to the group in our calls? 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Wed, 19 Jun 2019 01:52:54 GMT):<br/>
Hi @MattMilligan thanks for connecting with the group! This sounds like a very interesting use case. Please connect with @seanokelly and @Starseven regarding the white paper. Also, if it is ever of interest to present your use case to the group, please let me know!
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Wed, 19 Jun 2019 01:54:03 GMT):<br/>
Thanks for sharing this article about Brazil, @KOttoni !
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Wed, 19 Jun 2019 01:59:10 GMT):<br/>
Hi @jljordan_bcgov here is a link to the IBM presentation. The following one by Double Nova was a good survey as well. https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/PSSIG/Meeting+Recording
</p>
<p><strong>MattMilligan</strong> (Wed, 19 Jun 2019 02:01:24 GMT):<br/>
Thank you @roseshuman 
</p>
<p><strong>roseshuman</strong> (Wed, 19 Jun 2019 02:01:37 GMT):<br/>
Welcome @MattMilligan !
</p>
<p><strong>invaliduser</strong> (Sat, 13 Jul 2019 13:21:38 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Wed, 04 Sep 2019 18:01:24 GMT):<br/>
Hi Matt..We have our weekly PS SIG WP call at 11am EST on Friday..We will be happy to know more from you..
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Wed, 04 Sep 2019 18:08:02 GMT):<br/>
Link for joining the call is shared below
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Wed, 04 Sep 2019 18:08:04 GMT):<br/>
https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community.3 
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Tue, 10 Sep 2019 15:38:15 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>swishstar</strong> (Wed, 11 Sep 2019 19:39:09 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Fri, 27 Sep 2019 16:02:00 GMT):<br/>
Hi Everyone..Please feel free to review the recording of the PS SIG WP 
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Fri, 27 Sep 2019 16:02:02 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/PSSIG/Whitepaper+Work+Space
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Fri, 18 Oct 2019 15:18:18 GMT):<br/>
Hi Everyone..Will appreciate to have your thoughts on having the Hyperledger PS SIG Meeting on White Paper biweekly at 11am EST on Friday..  
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Fri, 15 Nov 2019 16:06:15 GMT):<br/>
I'm logged in and Zoom says we're waiting for the host to start the meeting. It's 6 minutes after. Are others in?
</p>
<p><strong>iampukar</strong> (Thu, 28 Nov 2019 06:07:22 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>slavitch</strong> (Mon, 02 Dec 2019 17:26:33 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Starseven</strong> (Wed, 01 Jan 2020 17:33:33 GMT):<br/>
Happy NewYear to all the wonderful and amazing people of the Public Sector SIG..!!  

The next Public Sector SIG call is scheduled on Friday, January 3, 2019 at 10 AM Eastern Time. Please feel free to review the draft of the agenda and add any other topics you'd liketo discuss during the call:

https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/PSSIG/Meeting+Agendas                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                As a reminder Public Sector SIG calls are scheduled every other Friday (bi-weekly) at 10 AM Eastern Time as a Teleconference using Zoom. Connect details and Public Sector SIG background resource information can be accessed on our community wiki here:  
                                                                                                                                                           
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/PSSIG                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
Finally please be sure to stay engaged with Public Sector SIG Membership between meetings through our Rocket Channel at  
                                                                                                                                                                            
https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/public-sector-sig
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              The dial-in information for the meeting is shared below:                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android:                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                      
https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
Or iPhone one-tap:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       US: +16465588656, 4034983298# or +16699006833, 4034983298#                                                                                                                  
Or Telephone: Dial (for higher quality, dial a number based on your current location):                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
US: +1 646 558 8656 or +1 669 900 6833 or +1 855 880 1246(Toll Free) or +1 877 369 0926 (Toll Free)                                                                    
Meeting ID: 403 498 3298                                                                                                                                                                                      
International numbers available: https://zoom.us/u/bAaJoyznp 
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Tue, 14 Jan 2020 17:05:41 GMT):<br/>
Calling all Projects, SIG, and WG!!!  We will have a Video recording Studio setup at HGF (Hyperledger Global Forum). We are asking that all projects and groups help us create a 5 minute video about your group so that we can promote it afterward. Sign up Here! https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/HGF/Video+Recording+Schedule
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Thu, 30 Jan 2020 15:52:49 GMT):<br/>
What is the going forward plan on the white paper, in prep for the Global Forum panelists?
</p>
<p><strong>JasonForte</strong> (Wed, 12 Feb 2020 07:08:52 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>gokulalex</strong> (Fri, 20 Mar 2020 12:06:08 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>HarishKumarG</strong> (Mon, 18 May 2020 10:43:51 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>alfonsogovela</strong> (Mon, 13 Jul 2020 20:55:35 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>dimitar.ivanov</strong> (Wed, 23 Sep 2020 14:03:39 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>jmason900</strong> (Fri, 16 Oct 2020 16:33:35 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>jmason900</strong> (Fri, 23 Oct 2020 14:00:20 GMT):<br/>
@ry jones - do you have a valid zoom url for today's public sector meeting?
</p>
<p><strong>jmason900</strong> (Fri, 23 Oct 2020 14:01:42 GMT):<br/>
@DavidBoswell do you have a valid zoom url with the password for the public sector meeting ??   https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community
</p>
<p><strong>DavidBoswell</strong> (Fri, 23 Oct 2020 14:01:42 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>knagware9</strong> (Fri, 23 Oct 2020 14:04:13 GMT):<br/>
Join via this link https://zoom.us/my/hyperledger.community?pwd=STZQd0xMZU9xRVVOVnpQM3JNQ2dqZz09
</p>
<p><strong>jmason900</strong> (Fri, 06 Nov 2020 18:43:49 GMT):<br/>
Hi 

Thanks to everyone who attended our Public Sector Webinar on The Domains of Identity by Kaliyah Young.

We were fortunate to have Kaliyah present today. She is truly one of the first tier global thought leaders on Identity. 

The meeting video recording for the session can be found on this link. 
You can find Kaliyah here - the Identity Woman.

Thank you Kaliyah for a great session today !

Jim Mason
</p>
<p><strong>jmason900</strong> (Fri, 06 Nov 2020 18:43:49 GMT):<br/>
Hi 

Thanks to everyone who attended our Public Sector Webinar on The Domains of Identity by Kaliyah Young.

We were fortunate to have Kaliyah present today. She is truly one of the first tier global thought leaders on Identity. 

The meeting video recording for the session can be found on this link. 
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/PSSIG/Meeting+Recording

You can find Kaliyah here - the Identity Woman.: https://identitywoman.net/ 

Thank you Kaliyah for a great session today !

Jim Mason
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 09 Dec 2020 16:07:04 GMT):<br/>
Hi Jim, everyone, 
We are running a research for evoting with blockchain technology through a European project and we would like you to participate and to disseminate the questionnaire to your members list if possible. It is small and easy to follow. I am posting it here if you are interested to participate. Thank you. https://research.token.iti.gr/index.php/956152
</p>
<p><strong>Bobbijn</strong> (Fri, 15 Jan 2021 15:05:20 GMT):<br/>
Meeting Today?
</p>
<p><strong>DayalMukati</strong> (Tue, 02 Feb 2021 14:57:01 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>virinchirecharla</strong> (Mon, 19 Apr 2021 11:15:25 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>virinchirecharla</strong> (Mon, 19 Apr 2021 11:15:26 GMT):<br/>
hi everyone, im a college junior, I really love the work being done here at the hyperledger public sector SIG and would love to work on something in the field, please do let me know if anyone is interested in my help.
</p>
<p><strong>ksanjayk</strong> (Mon, 21 Jun 2021 20:11:52 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 23 Mar 2022 17:35:53 GMT):<br/>

</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 23 Mar 2022 17:35:53 GMT):<br/>

</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 23 Mar 2022 17:35:53 GMT):<br/>

</p>
