<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"><p><strong>dhuseby</strong> (Thu, 31 Jan 2019 18:51:26 GMT):<br/>
Discussion of smart contract designs and applications.
</p>
<p><strong>dhuseby</strong> (Thu, 31 Jan 2019 18:51:26 GMT):<br/>
The main goal of this workgroup will be to give an academic perspective to this research topic and in parallel make clear to users, developers, researchers, businessmen, decision makers and others interested in smart contracts practical ways to utilize them on the different DLTs that are under the Hyperledger umbrella and explore all potentials from deploying them in everyday software solution scenarios. 
</p>
<p><strong>knagware9</strong> (Sun, 03 Feb 2019 13:47:57 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Sun, 03 Feb 2019 18:27:58 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>ursamajor666</strong> (Tue, 05 Feb 2019 03:53:57 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Tue, 05 Feb 2019 07:59:31 GMT):<br/>
If you'd like to receive group notifications please join the *Smart Contracts* mailing list https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/smart-contracts-wg 
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Tue, 05 Feb 2019 07:59:31 GMT):<br/>
If you'd like to receive group notifications please join the *Smart Contracts mailing list* https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/smart-contracts-wg 
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Tue, 05 Feb 2019 10:18:45 GMT):<br/>
Workgroup's *wiki page* link is https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/Smart+Contracts+Working+Group
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Sun, 10 Feb 2019 20:26:55 GMT):<br/>
Next meeting on 11 Feb 2019 at 3-4 PM GMT time. Please visit
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/2019-02-10+Meeting+Agenda for the meeting's proposed agennda
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 11 Feb 2019 15:00:44 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>dhuseby</strong> (Thu, 14 Feb 2019 16:36:16 GMT):<br/>
st
</p>
<p><strong>NageshCR</strong> (Fri, 22 Feb 2019 17:22:18 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>AshleyLarrieux</strong> (Fri, 22 Feb 2019 23:40:47 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Ryan2</strong> (Sat, 23 Feb 2019 03:26:17 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>cmgabriel</strong> (Sat, 23 Feb 2019 19:14:40 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>shonjs</strong> (Sun, 24 Feb 2019 08:19:17 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Mon, 25 Feb 2019 12:36:44 GMT):<br/>
Next meeting on 25 Feb 2019 at 3-4 PM GMT time. Please visit https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/2019-02-25+Meeting+Agenda for the meeting's proposed agenda
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 25 Feb 2019 15:47:45 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>MicBowman</strong> (Mon, 25 Feb 2019 15:47:58 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Mon, 25 Feb 2019 15:47:59 GMT):<br/>
VipinB Technical Ambassador 12:09 PM
https://confluence.atlassian.com/doc/collaborative-editing-858771779.html for collaborative editing
</p>
<p><strong>seanyoung</strong> (Mon, 25 Feb 2019 15:48:01 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Mon, 25 Feb 2019 16:01:20 GMT):<br/>
Doodle for biweekly meetings https://wiki.hyperledger.org/polls/viewpoll.action?guid=27b8f2e09f024f80abdf8ae24db9c886 
</p>
<p><strong>walmon</strong> (Mon, 25 Feb 2019 16:16:46 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>walmon</strong> (Mon, 25 Feb 2019 16:34:54 GMT):<br/>
<i>User <em>User_1</em> added by <em>walmon</em>.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>walmon</strong> (Mon, 25 Feb 2019 16:35:15 GMT):<br/>
Hello everybody, I'm one of the maintainers of Convector (https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/convector).
I just learned about this WG and I'd be happy to participate!  
</p>
<p><strong>diestrin</strong> (Mon, 25 Feb 2019 17:14:51 GMT):<br/>
Hey everyone, I'm maintainer of Convector too, happy to collaborate in the WG
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Tue, 26 Feb 2019 23:06:06 GMT):<br/>
Welcome guys! Join the mailing list and the calls please.
</p>
<p><strong>walmon</strong> (Wed, 27 Feb 2019 00:55:20 GMT):<br/>
Already did, sadly we lost the one yesterday but I read the docs
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 27 Feb 2019 08:48:08 GMT):<br/>
Hi @walmon and @diestrin. Thank you for joining the group! Apart from the docs you can take a look here https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/Smart+Contracts+Taxonomy+Categories it is the ongoing work about categorization of SCs. There is a concept map you can edit. The map will be discussed during the next meeting. Looking forward for your pariticipation and contribution! Cheers :-)
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 27 Feb 2019 08:48:08 GMT):<br/>
Hi @walmon and @diestrin . Thank you for joining the group! Apart from the docs you can take a look here https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/Smart+Contracts+Taxonomy+Categories it is the ongoing work about categorization of SCs. There is a concept map you can edit. The map will be discussed during the next meeting. Looking forward for your pariticipation and contribution! Cheers :-)
</p>
<p><strong>mbwhite</strong> (Fri, 01 Mar 2019 10:04:20 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>mbwhite</strong> (Fri, 01 Mar 2019 10:05:52 GMT):<br/>
Hello;  quick intro - I'm one of the maintainers of the Hyperledger Fabric chaincode; previously worked on Composer project.
</p>
<p><strong>edmundto</strong> (Fri, 08 Mar 2019 02:10:05 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Daniela_Barbosa</strong> (Sat, 09 Mar 2019 14:50:21 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Mon, 11 Mar 2019 09:35:25 GMT):<br/>
Hi @mbwhite and welcome!
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Mon, 11 Mar 2019 09:35:40 GMT):<br/>
Today's agenda https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/2019-03-11+Meeting+Agenda 
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Mon, 11 Mar 2019 09:36:08 GMT):<br/>
Also please vote for meetings date/time https://wiki.hyperledger.org/polls/viewpoll.action?guid=27b8f2e09f024f80abdf8ae24db9c886 
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Mon, 11 Mar 2019 09:36:08 GMT):<br/>
@all Please vote for meetings date/time https://wiki.hyperledger.org/polls/viewpoll.action?guid=27b8f2e09f024f80abdf8ae24db9c886 
</p>
<p><strong>Pradeep_Pentakota</strong> (Tue, 12 Mar 2019 13:07:29 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>PaddyBN</strong> (Fri, 15 Mar 2019 16:45:42 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>kenty</strong> (Tue, 19 Mar 2019 14:20:33 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Fri, 22 Mar 2019 08:43:59 GMT):<br/>
Everyone please note that after the poll ended (results here https://wiki.hyperledger.org/polls/viewpoll.action?guid=27b8f2e09f024f80abdf8ae24db9c886) our meetings will be every other Wednesday at 3PM GMT. An announcement has been sent also to every member on the mailing list
</p>
<p><strong>BernardLin</strong> (Fri, 22 Mar 2019 14:18:47 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>ramyarb</strong> (Tue, 26 Mar 2019 05:10:18 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>sumitkumarmb</strong> (Wed, 27 Mar 2019 22:43:45 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Tue, 09 Apr 2019 16:47:07 GMT):<br/>
The main goal of this workgroup will be to give an academic perspective to this research topic and in parallel make clear to users, developers, researchers, businessmen, decision makers and others interested in smart contracts practical ways to utilize them on the different DLTs that are under the Hyperledger umbrella and explore all potentials from deploying them in everyday software solution scenarios. https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/
</p>
<p><strong>SaphiraBjartskular</strong> (Thu, 11 Apr 2019 15:19:29 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>vamsiGaddipati</strong> (Sun, 14 Apr 2019 01:43:21 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>muellerdberlin</strong> (Wed, 24 Apr 2019 09:02:39 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>mc</strong> (Wed, 24 Apr 2019 16:11:21 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Thu, 25 Apr 2019 06:51:11 GMT):<br/>
@all During the last meeting we discussed for a Supply Chain scenario along with the related Smart Contracts in order to build a PoC on it. You can check it out on the Work Products page here https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/Work+Products. You are all welcome to participate!
</p>
<p><strong>RichardLi</strong> (Sat, 04 May 2019 22:58:45 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>DayalMukati</strong> (Mon, 06 May 2019 13:32:09 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 08 May 2019 11:22:13 GMT):<br/>
Meeting agenda for today's call https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/2019-05-08+Meeting+Agenda+and+Notes
</p>
<p><strong>Tommy109</strong> (Fri, 24 May 2019 09:40:08 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 05 Jun 2019 17:19:40 GMT):<br/>
I am happy to announce the first finished work product of the group, the taxonomy ver 1.0! Based on we started new work products so people with different backgrounds and interests can contribute in parallel. You are all welcome to review the material and comment.
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 05 Jun 2019 17:19:40 GMT):<br/>
I am happy to announce the first finished work product of the group, the taxonomy ver 1.0! Based on we started new work products so people with different backgrounds and interests can contribute in parallel. You are all welcome to review the material and comment here https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/Taxonomy
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 05 Jun 2019 17:20:32 GMT):<br/>
You can find the SC WG audio recording of todays very interesting meeting here  https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/2019-06-05+Meeting+Agenda+and+Notes 
</p>
<p><strong>AnilSingh</strong> (Thu, 13 Jun 2019 02:38:12 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>ozaiter</strong> (Fri, 28 Jun 2019 22:23:40 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Thu, 11 Jul 2019 09:49:09 GMT):<br/>
Hi all, you can find last meetings notes and audio recording here https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/2019-07-03+Meeting+Agenda+and+Notes. A proposal for collaboration over a Provenance use case was issued by Mark and Vipin and they explained their concept during this call. You are all welcome to join and contribute!
</p>
<p><strong>RahulEth</strong> (Fri, 12 Jul 2019 05:44:44 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>RahulEth</strong> (Fri, 12 Jul 2019 06:22:45 GMT):<br/>
`hello guys i have heard about the hyperledger fabric . its going to be licensed in near future. if it is then what would be the next for open sourse community. 
any comments would be appricated`
</p>
<p><strong>AnilSingh</strong> (Mon, 22 Jul 2019 09:07:14 GMT):<br/>
Where did you heard this from ?
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 22 Jul 2019 15:19:54 GMT):<br/>
Hyperledger Fabric is under the Apache license.  there are many channels here about fabric - do a search to see which one you are interested in joining.
</p>
<p><strong>AnilSingh</strong> (Tue, 23 Jul 2019 04:18:27 GMT):<br/>
I am part of many authentic channels My question was where people heard that "Fabric is going to be licensed in near future" ?
</p>
<p><strong>K1L14N</strong> (Fri, 09 Aug 2019 08:45:15 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>huxd</strong> (Thu, 22 Aug 2019 07:45:22 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 04 Sep 2019 12:21:44 GMT):<br/>
Dear all,

The report for Q2 has been uploaded, you can find it here https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/HYP/2019+Q2+Smart+Contracts+WG
Please review, contribute and comment or send me an email for anything you want to add or ask
Additionally, you are welcome to attend tomorrows TSC meeting and even present the report
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Mon, 09 Sep 2019 16:01:29 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Patrick-Erichsen</strong> (Thu, 26 Sep 2019 16:12:47 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Patrick-Erichsen</strong> (Thu, 26 Sep 2019 16:12:47 GMT):<br/>
Hello all, 

Here is some info on the Hyperledger Grid project that I mentioned in yesterday's meeting - https://www.hyperledger.org/projects/grid
</p>
<p><strong>Patrick-Erichsen</strong> (Thu, 26 Sep 2019 16:12:47 GMT):<br/>
Hello all, 

Here is some info on the Hyperledger Grid project that I mentioned in yesterday's meeting - https://www.hyperledger.org/projects/grid

Feel free to stop by the #grid room if you have any questions or would like to learn more :thumbsup: 
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Fri, 27 Sep 2019 07:51:17 GMT):<br/>
Thanks Patrick, you are very welcome to give us some more information how can we use it for the use case the WG will choose to work on in our next meeting
</p>
<p><strong>Patrick-Erichsen</strong> (Fri, 27 Sep 2019 18:27:01 GMT):<br/>
So, main intent of Grid is as follows:

```Provide reference implementations of supply chain-centric data types, data models, and smart contract based business logic – all anchored on existing, open standards and industry best practices.```

With that in mind if there are existing standards around the use case we decide upon then perhaps Grid could be a good home to define those reference implementations?
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Wed, 09 Oct 2019 19:54:42 GMT):<br/>
I added the Hyperledger Blog Post template to today's meeting minutes and here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ANQdRlk1Pv214a-jxk5Yw_IYIYiQhDB7zELrIzQlbrU/edit
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Thu, 10 Oct 2019 09:35:12 GMT):<br/>
@KellyCooper Thanks! Let's all start using it for our posts 
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Thu, 24 Oct 2019 23:54:00 GMT):<br/>
Call for volunteers: Smart Contracts set up the beginning of an Annotated Bibliography on Smart Contracts, per our meeting conversation. Please select 1+ articles of interest and annotate, based on the example at the top of the wiki page. The purpose of the AB is to build a research repository for white papers, personal learning, and dissemination of the Smart Contracts Working Group. Feel free to add additional articles of interest. https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/Smart+Contracts+Annotated+Bibliography 
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Thu, 24 Oct 2019 23:54:00 GMT):<br/>
Please see the first couple of sentences in a potential Smart Contracts blog. Thoughts? https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=24772775
</p>
<p><strong>Patrick-Erichsen</strong> (Wed, 06 Nov 2019 16:15:41 GMT):<br/>
I had a meeting run late and just tried hopping on the Zoom call but it seems like I am the only one in the room. Was the meeting for today cancelled?
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 06 Nov 2019 16:49:56 GMT):<br/>
No Patrick, the meeting was 1 hour ago. I have already uploaded the recording in case you want to catch up. It's a pitty you (and probably others) missed it because of the time change! I will send an email tomorrow to inform everybody for the time change, I hope to see you at our nect meeting. I will also send an email to inform you and everybody else on the mailing list regarding the outcomes of this meetings and how all of you can contribute
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 06 Nov 2019 16:49:56 GMT):<br/>
No @Patrick-Erichsen , the meeting was 1 hour ago. I have already uploaded the recording in case you want to catch up. It's a pitty you (and probably others @all ) missed it because of the time change! I will send an email tomorrow to inform everybody for the time change, I hope to see you at our nect meeting. I will also send an email to inform you and everybody else on the mailing list regarding the outcomes of this meetings and how all of you can contribute
</p>
<p><strong>Patrick-Erichsen</strong> (Wed, 06 Nov 2019 17:02:13 GMT):<br/>
Ah yeah I made the calendar invite in advance of daylight savings... I will take a look at the recording in that case, thanks for the heads up!
</p>
<p><strong>nathalie-ckc</strong> (Wed, 20 Nov 2019 06:58:07 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>RahulEth</strong> (Wed, 27 Nov 2019 12:48:20 GMT):<br/>
hi allis it possible if i get event_status : valid on application end and my transaction still not committed on peer.
</p>
<p><strong>RahulEth</strong> (Wed, 27 Nov 2019 12:48:20 GMT):<br/>
hi all is it possible if i get event_status : valid on application end and my transaction still not committed on peer.
</p>
<p><strong>VipinB</strong> (Wed, 27 Nov 2019 18:53:18 GMT):<br/>
It has been a tradition on all HL calls to keep the time constant for all participants who have daylight savings time. This is because most of the participants are from countries with DST. With the Smart Contract WG time change for DST participants; you now collide with CMSIG calls which happen at 10 am EST (15:00 UTC). 
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Mon, 02 Dec 2019 01:35:37 GMT):<br/>
Please see the first sentences/approach of a potential Smart Contracts blog article: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=24772775
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Mon, 02 Dec 2019 01:35:37 GMT):<br/>
Please see the first sentences/approach of a potential Smart Contracts blog article: https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=24772775 Thoughts?
</p>
<p><strong>nathalie-ckc</strong> (Mon, 02 Dec 2019 04:57:47 GMT):<br/>
Hi @st , thanks for adding the direct line to oracle in the diagram. I took a look at the smart contracts wg wiki and I think I will try to find an interesting article to make an annotated bibliography blurb on.
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Tue, 03 Dec 2019 14:26:23 GMT):<br/>
@nathalie-ckc Sounds good, thanks Nathalie!
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 11 Dec 2019 21:45:29 GMT):<br/>
Hello everyone - 
Do you know of a developer event that we would like to get some Hyperledger representation at?

Please submit it here.  The marketing committee will review them all as we go thru our budget for 2020
Thank you! - Silona
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Wed, 11 Dec 2019 22:02:36 GMT):<br/>
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/Marketing/Developer+Events
</p>
<p><strong>harrywright</strong> (Wed, 18 Dec 2019 17:57:07 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Fri, 20 Dec 2019 19:32:17 GMT):<br/>
In our meeting we discussed selecting a BPMN application. I have been using LucidChart and am now experimenting with free/open source. I started with Cawemo. This article notes 15 to consider: https://solutionsreview.com/business-process-management/the-top-15-free-and-open-source-bpm-software/
</p>
<p><strong>konda.kalyan</strong> (Thu, 26 Dec 2019 06:04:08 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Tue, 14 Jan 2020 17:06:06 GMT):<br/>
Calling all Projects, SIG, and WG!!!  We will have a Video recording Studio setup at HGF (Hyperledger Global Forum). We are asking that all projects and groups help us create a 5 minute video about your group so that we can promote it afterward. Sign up Here! https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/HGF/Video+Recording+Schedule
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 15 Jan 2020 10:36:31 GMT):<br/>
[ ](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/smart-contracts-wg?msg=eFizLCGcEiwyZj8q9) Great Kelly, we will take a look at them today during our bi-weekly call
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 15 Jan 2020 10:37:19 GMT):<br/>
@all Please find today's meetin agenda uploaded here https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/2020-01-15+Meeting+Agenda+and+Notes 
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 15 Jan 2020 15:03:13 GMT):<br/>
Hi everybody, I am facing a problem to start the zoom meeting. It requires a Hyperledger login account which I don't have so I cannot start the SCWG call... 
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 15 Jan 2020 15:04:34 GMT):<br/>
@Silona Can you please give me a hint? Until last time I was able to use the host's secret password, the new zoom software requires a full login to Host a meeting
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 15 Jan 2020 15:09:18 GMT):<br/>

<br/><a href="./assets/mpNuJZwPGEXtTzr8i-Screen for login">Screen for login</a>
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 15 Jan 2020 15:10:11 GMT):<br/>
I am attaching the screen that prevents me from joining and claiming host. When I login with my personal account I am redirected to my personal meeting room and not to Hyperledger's meeting room.
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 27 Jan 2020 22:27:48 GMT):<br/>
The Linux Foundation’s CommunityBridge engineers are working on a tool to measure the health of critical open source projects and one of the key areas identified is QA Testing.  They request that our communities provide  honest and detailed information on testing tools and methodologies you use in your projects for us to come up with a detailed analysis, which they will share with all respondents and projects. https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/9H5G2GV. It’s only 5 questions long.  
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 12 Feb 2020 09:08:41 GMT):<br/>
Hi everybody, I am on a business trip and will not be back for our bi-weekly meeting. Is there anyone who would like to run it? 
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Wed, 12 Feb 2020 09:10:11 GMT):<br/>
Last time we discussed about BPMN models and DAML language and how these can be used to create a general for our bicycle use case. This discussion was about to continue today, but I unfortunatelly will not make it
 
</p>
<p><strong>Patrick-Erichsen</strong> (Wed, 12 Feb 2020 15:06:37 GMT):<br/>
I have a conflict with work and also will be unable to attend.
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Thu, 13 Feb 2020 18:26:15 GMT):<br/>
Howdy Contributors and Maintainers!  Are you wondering about tapping into Developer marketing for your group or project?  Do you have a blog post idea?  An awesome announcement? Please attend our Contributor/marketing meeting!  https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/Marketing/2020-02-19+Meeting+notes
</p>
<p><strong>Silona</strong> (Mon, 17 Feb 2020 22:19:20 GMT):<br/>
Are you wondering about tapping into Developer marketing for your group or project?  Do you have a blog post idea?  An awesome announcement? Please attend TOMORROW!  https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/Marketing/2020-02-19+Meeting+notes
</p>
<p><strong>Patrick-Erichsen</strong> (Tue, 18 Feb 2020 14:56:17 GMT):<br/>
@st I feel like we've talked about getting a blog post or something out there during a couple of our meetings. Is there anything from the Work Products (https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/Work+Products) that you think would be good to publish? 
</p>
<p><strong>Patrick-Erichsen</strong> (Tue, 18 Feb 2020 14:56:17 GMT):<br/>
@st @KellyCooper I feel like we've talked about getting a blog post or something out there during a couple of our meetings. Is there anything from the Work Products (https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/Work+Products) that you think would be good to publish? 
</p>
<p><strong>Patrick-Erichsen</strong> (Tue, 18 Feb 2020 14:56:51 GMT):<br/>
Maybe https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.06092 ?
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Tue, 25 Feb 2020 16:27:25 GMT):<br/>
Starting later this week I'll have a group of students joining us for six weeks. My thought is we create another article, like the one you cite, and students can work on it too. It can also become a blog post. I'll be in the meeting Wed am and am open for all ideas.
</p>
<p><strong>KellyCooper</strong> (Tue, 25 Feb 2020 16:27:57 GMT):<br/>
Starting later this week I'll have a group of students joining us for six weeks. My thought is we create another article, like the one you cite, and students can work on it too. It can also become a blog post. I'll be in the meeting Wed am and am open for all ideas.

</p>
<p><strong>shemnon</strong> (Fri, 28 Feb 2020 17:34:06 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Tue, 03 Mar 2020 08:05:28 GMT):<br/>
Dear @all a great opportunity starts from today, all of us can join Kelly and her students to create a whitepaper for Hyperldeger framework about Smart Contracts and interoperability. Please vitsit this link of our wiki https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/Whitepaper+-+Interoperability+supported+by+Smart+Contracts+in+Hyperledger+Framework to review the roadmap and content. Do not hesitate to contact me or Kelly anytime for further information or clarifications!
</p>
<p><strong>Patrick-Erichsen</strong> (Tue, 03 Mar 2020 14:07:28 GMT):<br/>
@silasdavis this was the paper that I had mentioned was being worked on - I think Burrow would be an interesting point of discussion. 
</p>
<p><strong>DayalMukati</strong> (Wed, 04 Mar 2020 04:09:06 GMT):<br/>
Anyone knows any tool for Chaincode unit testing ?
</p>
<p><strong>knagware9</strong> (Wed, 04 Mar 2020 05:17:40 GMT):<br/>
yes. I would like to check this
</p>
<p><strong>bobsummerwill</strong> (Tue, 10 Mar 2020 16:41:53 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Abhishekkishor</strong> (Thu, 12 Mar 2020 19:47:00 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>shonjs</strong> (Sat, 18 Apr 2020 17:27:34 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has left the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>kenty</strong> (Wed, 20 May 2020 08:20:17 GMT):<br/>
hi everyone, i am interested in creating a comparison of the different implementation of smart contracts across the hyperledger frameworks;
eg. attempting the same functionality across fabric, sawtooth, iroha, etc.
</p>
<p><strong>st</strong> (Fri, 22 May 2020 07:44:14 GMT):<br/>
Hi @kenty, great! We have been working on a use case and the implementation of the same smart contract across different HL frameworks was the goal. You can have a look here https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=24777829 and here https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/SCWG/BPMN+-+Bicycle+Use+Case for specific information and I am at your disposal for additional info. You can also propose another use case. Don't hesitate to contact me by any means, here or by email
</p>
<p><strong>kenty</strong> (Fri, 22 May 2020 09:55:48 GMT):<br/>
thank you @st  :grinning:  I am a fabric developer for healthcare SIG and we have already compared fabric vs sawtooth for eConsent:
https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/patient-consent

we are looking at aries/indy and then iroha
</p>
<p><strong>JasonMadden</strong> (Fri, 22 May 2020 15:50:07 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>dtomczyk</strong> (Tue, 09 Jun 2020 14:43:42 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>AyushyaChitransh</strong> (Sun, 02 Aug 2020 13:07:59 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>AyushyaChitransh</strong> (Sun, 02 Aug 2020 13:07:59 GMT):<br/>
Is this the fabric 2.0 code which is present at https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-samples/blob/master/chaincode/marbles02/javascript/marbles_chaincode.js ?
</p>
<p><strong>dhawalthakker</strong> (Thu, 20 Aug 2020 20:01:15 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>dgt1nsty</strong> (Fri, 02 Oct 2020 14:32:59 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>AjeethT</strong> (Thu, 19 Nov 2020 00:31:22 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>wecan</strong> (Thu, 03 Dec 2020 10:32:23 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>wecan</strong> (Thu, 03 Dec 2020 10:32:23 GMT):<br/>
Hello, we are deploying a hyperledger infrastructure for Banks, and we need to ask some questions about security issues for smartcontract. Where can I ask my questions ?
</p>
<p><strong>gabrielodi</strong> (Thu, 10 Dec 2020 15:34:02 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>YoongbokLee</strong> (Fri, 11 Dec 2020 19:17:28 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Kenneth-Luster</strong> (Wed, 30 Dec 2020 22:12:34 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Kenneth-Luster</strong> (Wed, 30 Dec 2020 22:12:34 GMT):<br/>
hello everyone Happy New Year
</p>
<p><strong>shemnon</strong> (Sun, 21 Mar 2021 05:00:49 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has left the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>ksanjayk</strong> (Wed, 07 Apr 2021 20:40:28 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>pmn2090</strong> (Sat, 03 Jul 2021 01:12:09 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Alameenb</strong> (Sat, 24 Jul 2021 00:15:57 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>Ojas365</strong> (Fri, 31 Dec 2021 09:31:28 GMT):<br/>
<i>Has joined the channel.</i>
</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 23 Mar 2022 17:27:21 GMT):<br/>

</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 23 Mar 2022 17:27:21 GMT):<br/>

</p>
<p><strong>rjones</strong> (Wed, 23 Mar 2022 17:27:21 GMT):<br/>

</p>
